(Scene opens up showing buildings in England.)
Lawrence: Ooh! Merry old England. How I love our yearly holiday to my parents' home. Big Ben, Buckingham Palace, oh, the White Cliffs of Dover. Stonehenge.
Phineas: Either I’ve grown a lot in the last year, or England's gotten smaller.
Lawrence: Here we are. The old homestead.
Candace: Look! There's Grandma and Grandpa Fletcher.
Phineas: Grandpa! Grandma!
Grandpa Reg: Ahh! Phineas, Ferb! My boys!
Grandma Winifred: Oh, Ferb, you're looking more like your grandfather. Just look at that resemblance. What do you think, dear?
(She places a fake mustache and hairpiece on Ferb)
Grandpa Fletcher: He's a right handsome lad, he is.
Grandma Fletcher: You can keep these. I've got loads of them.
Candace: Hi, Grandpa. Hi, Grandma.
Grandpa Fletcher: Candace? Can that be you? You look like a right beauteous princess.
Candace: Thanks!
(Car honking)
Lawrence: Ta-ta. We're off to the antique convention. See you tonight.
Phineas: Hey, Gramps, what's that cool castle next door?
Grandpa Fletcher: Oh, aye, that's our neighbors, Lord and Lady Pipping. It used to belong to the Black Knight.
Phineas: The Black Knight?
Grandpa Fletcher: Such a wonderful tale of valor.

(Song: "Ballad of the Black Knight")'
 The Black Knight of Worcestershire 
 Some say it's "Worcester-sheer" 
 Went out to fight the dragon 
 No one else would volunteer 

 The Hounds of Heck chased after him 
 Through all the moors and lands 
 Because his suit of armor 
 Was recycled dog food cans 

 The Black Knight of "Worcester-sheer" 
 Some say it's "Worcestershire" 
 He rode off with his Hounds of Heck 
 To face the dragon's fire! 

Grandpa Fletcher: Here, immortalized in bronze, is the Black Knight himself and his Hounds of Heck on their final charge to vanquish the dragon. And here is the disastrous results. (Reginald leads the boys to a statue that shows the dragon with forks and knives, while the black knight is being cooked) Legend says that the Black Knight's ghost still haunts these foggy moors, riding in search of the dragon, followed by his pack of fierce hounds.
Phineas: Hey, I know what we should do today. Grandpa Fletcher, let's have a medieval tournament just like the knights did in the days of yore. We can he jousting and catapults and not bathe.
Grandpa Fletcher: Way ahead of you on the not bathing.

Candace: (Sighs) Man, Stacy, everything here is so old, wet and small, and... and...
Charles: En garde, Stubbings! Ha ha! Come on, man! Parry and riposte. (laughs) I've run you through, Stubbings.
Stubbings: Yes. Delightful, Master Charles. Clearly, you have mastered the rules of tennis.
Candace: Uh, Stacy, I'll call you back.
Stubbings: I believe it's my serve. Oh, dear. I have punned.
(Charles laughs)

Phineas: (Dressed as a fool) Back it up! Back it up! (Trucks beep) Good. Right there. Lumber over here, suckling pigs over there. Hold it! That pig's barely suckling. What do I look like, a fool? (The man carrying the pig shoves an apple into the pig's mouth) That's what I'm talking about. Carry on. (To Ferb) So, you ready to chop some lumber, Ferb? (Ferb salutes) Hey, where's Perry?

(At Perry's lair...)
Major Monogram: Ahh, Agent P. Sorry about the tight squeeze, but they're on the metric system. Doofenshmirtz is attending an evil scientists' convention in London. We're sending you in undercover, disguised as evil scientist Dr. Lloyd Wexler who, incidentally, is the man sitting next to you. Good luck, Agent P.

(Back in England Phineas is building a horse)
Candace: Phineas?
Phineas: Oh, hi, Candace.
Candace: What do you think you're doing?
Phineas: I think I'm building a horse.
(The horse whinnies)
Candace: There's a cute boy next door, and I don't want you guys scaring him off by acting like complete freaks.
Charles: Beg pardon?
Candace: Hello. (Giggles)
Charles: I'm Charles Pipping the Fourth.
Candace: I'm Candace Flynn... the First.
Charles: So, what's all this?
Candace: This? Uh... This is just a--
Phineas: We're putting on a medieval tournament.
Candace: Medieval tournament? That has to be, without a doubt, the most--
Charles: Brilliant idea I've heard in years!
Candace: Exactly. (Laughs) Because who doesn't love whatever happens at one of those... Those... Things?
Phineas: Wanna join us?
Charles: Absolutely. We could use my family's castle as a backdrop. And you can be the fair princess in the tower, waiting to be rescued by a handsome knight.
Candace: (she blinks twice) Okay!

(At Evil-Con)
Man #1: Welcome to Evil-Con, Dr. Lloyd Wexler. Hey! Wait a second. (Moves ID card to reveal Perry disguised as Dr. Wexler) You didn't get your evil button. Enjoy the convention, Dr. Wexler.

(At the castle)
Candace: (With a fake British accent) As the fair princess in the tower, I declare Sir Charles the winner of the tournament... (Thinks using her normal voice) Wait a second. Could this be one of those things that backfires horribly on me? (Pauses) Nah.
Charles: Looks like that armor is big enough for the two of you.
Phineas: That's a great idea. (To Ferb) Ferb, I'll take the top half because I tend to do more of the talking, and you take the bottom half because of your incredibly long, willowy legs.
Candace: Yoo-hoo! Sir Charles! They can't even hear me up here. (She yells) Yo, Chuck! (Growls) What is going on down there? (She attempts to open the door, but only manages to pull the handle off) Oh, come on! Hey, guys! I am locked in the tower!
Phineas: That's the spirit, Candace! You sound like a real damsel in distress!
Candace: (She growls) I have got to get out of here. (She tries to grab a spear from a knights grip) Let go! Come on, let go! Fine! Have it your way. (She picks up the armor, and smashes through the door. However, soon after the armor becomes undone, and Candace lands in it, making her look like the Black Knight)

Charles: Well, then, since you chaps are just about put together, I think it's time I popped next door to fetch my own armor.
Phineas: There's something almost disturbing about this. Hey, look. he's back.
Candace: (Grunts)
Phineas: Okay, Charles, we'll help you get on your horse and do a practice run.
Candace: (Muffled scream)

(At Evil-Con)
Doofenshmirtz: You didn't think I'd recognize you, did you? But I do! You're Dr. Lloyd Wexler, my greatest hero in all of evil science. Oh, I can't believe I'm actually talking to you! You know, I wrote my thesis on one of your early ransom notes. Gee, you wouldn't mind if I just hung around with you today, would you?
Perry: (He blinks twice)

(At the castle)
(Horn salute)
Grandpa Fletcher: Lords and ladies of the court, I declare that this contest is to begin!
(Cheering)
Grandpa Fletcher: Are you boys ready over there?
Phineas: Ready, Ferb?
(Ferb opens a compartment in the armor to give a thumbs up)
Phineas: We're ready, Grandpa!
Grandpa Fletcher: How about you, Charles?
Candace: (Muffled screaming)
Grandpa Fletcher: That's the spirit.
(Phineas and Ferb, and Candace begin their jousting match. Candace's horse however bucks her off, sending her into a catapult)
Phineas: Look, our catapult works.
(Cadence gets launched into the castle, but falls down the tower, and back onto the horse, who, in turn, bucks her off, repeating the cycle)
Grandpa Fletcher: Way to hang in there, Charles.
(Candace's horse runs off with her on it)
Phineas: Guess we won, Ferb. Yeah!
Charles: What ho, chaps. Still up for a bit of a joust?
Stubbings: Your lance, sir.
Phineas: Charles? Then who's that?
Grandpa Fletcher: Perhaps it was the ghost of the Black Knight. But I wonder where his Hounds of Heck are.

(Instrumental version of "Ballad of the Black Knight" playing in the background)
(Candace's horse continues to run down the street, causing a gravy truck to crash, spraying her with it, while also releasing dogs from an animal control van)
Man #2: (Upon seeing this) It's the ghost of the Black Knight and his hounds of Heck!

(At Evil-Con)
Doofenshmirtz: It makes me so happy to be surrounded by so much evil. Oh, look! It's your autobiography. It's always been a dream of mine to have you read it to me. (He pauses) Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait! (Pulls out a teddy bear) Okay, now I'm ready.
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs) Come on! Don't be shy. Paragraph 4. "Upon an evil winter's heart." Go ahead.
Perry: (lip-syching from the book on CD) "Upon an evil winter's heart, the heavy hand of regret infrequently alights. The malevolent path is one trod without the cumbersome shackles of sentimental introspec... spec... spec... spec... spec... spec... spec..." (He whacks the CD player with the book)
Doofenshmirtz: Hmm, that's funny. I don't remember you saying "spec" so many times. (Perry rips off his disguise) Dr. Wexler, you're a platypus. (Perry, looking annoyed, puts his fedora on. Doofenshmirtz gasps) Perry the Platypus!
Doofenshmirtz: I want to say that I knew it was you all along, but I can't because I didn't. So now, I guess I'm supposed to surrender, which I might do if we weren't standing IN THE MIDDLE OF AN EVIL WEAPONS EXPO! (He runs to the giant robots, and gets in one) Ah-ha! Perry the Platypus, your giant robot dragon is no match for my giant robot... Queen Elizabeth I. Hmmm. W- Would you mind switching robots with me? Would you mind too terribly? Please? (They switch robots) Thanks. Thank you very much. I just prefer this one. Thanks. Now, Perry the Platypus, your silly, girly Queen Elizabeth I robot is no match for my giant, fire-breathing... (Perry's robot shoots a laser blast at Doofenshmirtz) Ow! Ow! Wait! I didn't know she had laser eyes. I want to trade back. (Perry sends a punch at Doofenshmirtz) Oof! Well, yours may have laser eyes, but mine breathes (The dragon robot shoots fire from behind Doof) f- (He screams as the fire rushes past) (The dragon robot stops shooting fire) That was a stupid design.

(At the castle)
Grandpa Fletcher: Commence with round Two!

(With that, Charles, now wearing his knight helmet, charged towards Phineas and Ferb with his horse. This time however, Phineas and Ferb found themselves on both sides of their armor, with their heads sticking out from where the hands are. )
Phineas: Uh, oh! Ferb, I think we put it on sideways this time.
(The two horses crash into one another)
Grandpa Fletcher: It's a draw!
(The crowd cheers)

TV Announcer: This just in: A giant mechanical Queen Elizabeth I and a dragon are rampaging through the country engaged in an apparent duel to the death. And in other news, a new version of Jane Eyre is in the offing.

(the robots continue fighting)
Lawrence: (Reading from a newspaper inside a taxicab driving past the fight) Good heavens, look at that! They're making a new version of Jane Eyre.
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Obviously, your Queen Elizabeth I is no match for my dragon! (The Queen Elizabeth robot breaks the headlock she was in) That Queen Elizabeth is a tough old bird.
(Perry continues to wail on Doofenshmirtz, until, Doofenshmirtz accidentally pushes a button)
Computer: Thank you for pressing the self-destruct button.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, that's just great!
(He slams down on the console)
Computer: Thank you for pressing the ejection button. Remember to take a parachute with you.
Doofenshmirtz: Now you tell me!

(At the castle)
Charles: Look, everyone, it's the ghost of the Black Knight.
Phineas: I guess he's still in search of the dragon.
(The Dragon falls onto the medieval festive)
Computer: To order a parachute, please call our help desk. Self-destruct in 3, 2, 1.
(As the dragon self destructs, Candace runs into it. The resulting explosion sends Candace into the castle, then crashing back down the tower, only to be caught by Charles)
Candace: Hi, Charles.
Grandpa Fletcher: Jolly good, old bean.
Phineas: Ah! There you are, Perry.
Lawrence: Hello. we had the most amazing time. Look! I found this 19th century barometer. Anything interesting happen 'round here?
(There's silence for a moment)
Ferb: I hear there's a new version of Jane Eyre in the offing.
(This episode mostly takes place in a movie theater shaped like the Sphinx)
Lawrence: Ooh, you know, kids, this theater was built over 70 years ago in this Neo-Egyptian style. (He buys the tickets and they walk inside) And apparently, there used to be a pharaoh's tomb display with a mummy in a sarcophagus. I mean, you couldn't pick a better place to watch a classic, old mummy movie.

(Inside, They watch the movie entitled "Bones of Doom" with the other audience.)
Explorer: (In movie) There's an inscription here. An... an incantation of some sort. "Owah Tagu Siam!"
(The mummy wakes up at the sound of these words, looking straight at the audience. Phineas and Ferb stare back)
Phineas: (turns to his dad) Dad, where do you find a mummy?
Lawrence: Hidden deep in the bowels of the pyramids. (Phone rings) Whoops, better put this on vibrate.
(The mummy is now standing right behind the explorer, poised and ready to pounce)
Explorer: (In movie) The incantation will make the mummy come to life and obey your commands. Well, beat me with a chicken. (The mummy starts beating him with a chicken) Ow! What?! Ooh! Hey! Stop! It's an--ow! Hey!
Phineas: Cool! Dad, is it hard to get into a pyramid?
Lawrence: Yes, indeed. Often you had to negotiate many booby traps that were set centuries before.
(In the movie, the mummy has just stepped on a small rock, apparently a trigger for a booby trap)
Explorer: (In movie) You ridiculous mummy. You just tripped one of your own booby traps. (There is a rumbling noise, and rocks begin to fall on the explorer and the mummy) She's gonna blow!
(They run for the exit, barely getting out in time)
Phineas: Awesome booby trap! (at Ferb) Ferb, we should get our own mummy.

(Song: "My Undead Mummy")
 Ba da ba ba da bah
 Let me tell you 'bout my buddy, he's 3,000 years old
 He's wrapped in bandages and covered in moldy debris
 My undead mummy and me
 Mm-mm
 If a bully ever tries to poke me in the eye
 I'll introduce him to my decomposing guy and he'll flee
(Buford screams)
 From my undead mummy and me
(Nose blowing)
 All the kids at school are gonna have a conniption
 When they get a load of my funky Egyptian emcee
(Record scratch)
 My undead mummy and me
 Yeah
 Undead mummy and me

Phineas: That would be awesome! (At Lawrence) Dad, can we-- (Lawrence is snoring; to Ferb) Come on, Ferb. We'll be back before he wakes up.
Candace: Oh, those bozos aren't pulling anything on my watch! (Candace follows them, only to get caught between the doors)
Phineas: Hey, Ferb. Where's Perry?

(Agent P enters a secret entrance and takes a vehicle; Major Monogram appears on the screen)
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. Doofenshmirtz is at it again. It appears that he's purchased a string of odd items: One pound of blood sausage- Ech, that's my grocery list. Here it is. One magnet, one map of the city's drainage pipes and 2 tons of scrap metal. It's in your hands now, Agent P. Over and out.
 Doo be doo be doo ba, doo be doo be doo ba
 Doo be doo be doo ba...
(Perry dives out of the vehicle and into a submarine)
Computer voice: Dive. Dive. Dive.
(The submarine dives less than a foot into the water which wasn't very deep; yet he continues onward)

(At the theater's lobby...)
Phineas: Mr. Employee, sir, where's the mummy exhibit?
Employee: (Presses button) Manager assistance requested.
Employee #2: Yes?
Employee: These boys want to know where the mummy exhibit is.
Employee #2: It's in storage. In the basement.
Phineas: Guess who's goin' to the basement!
Woman: Uh, excuse me, where are the restrooms?
Employee: Manager assistance requested.
Employee #2: Yes?

(Candace is peeking out from behind a plant)
Candace: There they go.
(The boys open the door to find...)
Phineas: Look! Pith helmets! We might be going the right way. Say something pithy.
Candace: That's it. I'm calling Dad.

(At the movie, Lawrence's cell phone vibrates)
Lawrence: (Laughs) Ohh!

(Back to Candace)
Candace: Oh, forget it! I'm going in myself. (knocks over a series of posts, which strike a gumball machine and cause the gumball container to come loose and roll after her. Candace enters the stairwell and steps in a mop bucket with wheels that's full of water and goes down the stairs)
Phineas: Did you hear that? Maybe it's the mummy.
Candace: (lands at the bottom of the stairway) Eww. My shoe is all squishy!
(The gumball container rolls toward the door, down the stairs and towards the boys. Ferb immediately gets on Phineas' shoulders)
Phineas: Uh, Ferb? What are you doing? (Ferb extends his arms out an grabs a pipe and they land on the gumball container) Woah! Who knew looking for mummies would be so much fun? Watch this! (They then do some tricks before ramming above the door) Ugh! (They land and watch the gumball container roll away) Hey, Ferb, this was our first booby trap! Woo! Hey, look! The storage! We're here!
(Back to Candace)
Candace: Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, when I catch them...
(She sees the gumball container coming and runs for it; she tries to go over the gumball container, but the pipe breaks, causing her to stare at the camera bemusedly; she tries again, but she lands in the overhead duct and comes out beat up) Oh, give me a break! (The gumball container then rolls past her, up the stairs and into the elevator; Candace sees this and walks away and gets into an elevator)
(Song: I'm Lindana and I Wanna Have Fun! elevator music)
(Candace sees the gumball container in the elevator and runs out with the gumball in pursuit; she tries a couple of storage doors, but they're locked. Eventually the gumball container breaks and she rolls into a supplies closet)
Candace: Bubble gum? Oh, really old, stale bubble gum! Blaugh! (she inadvertently gets some butter and toilet paper on her and she walks out looking like a mummy) Phineas!

(At the dam, Doofenshmirtz is working on an inator; Perry surfaces)
Doofenshmirtz: Almost done, just this one more little bit! (Perry appears and kicks the paintbrush out of Doof's hand) Perry the Platypus! As usual, your timing is incredible! And by "Incredible", of course I mean: COMPLETELY CREDIBLE! (Laser fires trapping Perry in a ball) No use, Perry the Platypus! I made this out of something that cannot be penetrated! Pure evil! And a blend of space-age polymers. You see, Perry the Platypus, I'm going to unleash the water held by this dam into that huge drainage pipe that leads directly to the ocean. The additional water will raise the sea level by 2%, and then my property one block from the shoreline will become beachfront property! (Laughs maniacally) And to release the water from the dam, I've invented a ray, which attracts wood like it attracts metal: The Wood-inator! Which was almost complete until you rudely interrupted me. Oh, look at this, Perry. It's my paintbrush. You know, the one you knocked out of my hand a few moments ago. Maybe you want to take it back from me now, huh? Huh, you want to try? (Laughs) Goodbye, Perry the Platypus! (pushes Perry into the river)

(Cut back to the boys; they go in and approach a fake mummy)
Phineas: Owah Tagu Siam! (Phineas grabs the fake mummy and inadvertently pops it) There's nothing here but fakey promotional lobby junk. For all we know, there might not be such thing as a mummy. (At Mummy Candace) Yeah, I'll be right with you. I mean-- (Gasps)
Candace: Phineas!
Phineas: (Screams; Slams door)
(Egyptian Guitar Solo)
[They evade Candace at different points of the room; finally they hide inside a Safari Man 2 in 3D stand-up display]
Phineas: Wow, I didn't expect them to be so scary. I mean, can you imagine the angry, twisted soul hidden under those bandages?
Candace: Phineas!
Phineas: Makes me shudder. But you know what? We came down here looking for a mummy, and I'm not leaving without one. Let's get him! (Egyptian Guitar Solo continues while the boys try to catch Candace; finally they catch her by enclosing her in a wooden Egyptian coffin.) Hey, Ferb. We got our own mummy! Now, how are we going to get it home?

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz)
Doofenshmirtz: And... finished! (presses a button that picks up parts of the dam; one of the beavers sees Perry in the bubble. They chatter and the beaver takes a log and chews it down to a toothpick, but uses his own teeth to burst the bubble that has Perry trapped. They shake hands and slap tails and Perry runs back to the beaver dam)
 Perry!
(Cut back to the Woodenator)
Doofenshmirtz:It is working! (laughs) It is functioning properly! (Perry chatters, getting his attention; he gasps) Perry the Platypus? You defeated my bubble of pure evil? Ooh! (he traps himself and Perry in a bubble and land in the river just as the dam falls apart) Oh, no! What? (Perry uses Doofenshmirtz's nose to pop the bubble and escapes) Is my nose really that pointy?
(The river rolls all the way into a pipe that leads to the theater; Perry leaps out just as the hallway starts to flood; cut to the boys)
Phineas: You know what this is? Our second booby trap! (Water splashing; drifting the boys off with the coffin and Perry) There you are, Perry. (Perry chatters; they then go down a rapid) WOO-HOO-HOO! OH YEAH! (they then go up the rapid) WOO-HOO! (They burst through the roof) OH YEAH! (they land near the car; at Candace) Hey, Candace, you missed all the fun. Allow me to introduce our mummy. (realizes the "mummy" isn't there) Hey, where's our mummy? Mummy? Mummy?
Lawrence: Well, Mummy has supper waiting for us at home. (at Candace) Candace, why are you all wet?
Candace: (Growls)

(In the car)
Ferb: You know, mummies had their brains pulled out through their nose.
Candace: (Scoffs) The lucky ones

(We show a diagonal view of the Flynn-Fletcher house as it begins.)
Candace: (On her cell phone, in her room) Oh, my gosh, Stacy!
Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh!
Jeremy asked me if I could meet him at the fair later today next to the Ferris wheel.
Oh, no! I almost forgot I'm scared of heights! What am I going to do?
Linda: (Calling from downstairs) Candace, we're leaving now!
Candace: Mom, I'm having a teenage crisis!
Linda: Don't forget we're going bowling.
We need you to keep an eye on the boys.
Lawrence: Preferably two.
Phineas: Bowling? That sounds fun.
Hey, Dad, is it alright if we use that old lawn-bowling set?
Lawrence: Sure thing, boys! Knock yourselves out.
Linda: Toodles!

(Outside, in the backyard)
Phineas: You know, Ferb, with a few modifications, we could really zip up this old lawn-bowling set.
Baljeet: Hello, Phineas. What'you doing?
Ooh! I just sounded like Isabella.
Phineas: We're gonna build the world's biggest and best bowling-ball game!
Baljeet: Well, according to The Most Pointless Book of World Records...
( Fanfare; a brief pause)
...the world's largest bowling ball is four feet in diameter.
Phineas: Four feet? Ferb, we could beat that record in our sleep.
Baljeet: You know, the officials from The Most Pointless Book of World Records...
( Fanfare)
...will be at the fair today at 3:00, handing out awards.
Phineas: Ferb, get the tools. We've got a record to shatter.
Baljeet: And then you will be in the next volume!
( Fanfare)
(to Buford) Is that absolutely necessary?
Buford: Why? Does it bug ya?
Baljeet: Well, yes, a little.
Buford: Then, yeah, it's necessary.
Baljeet: All right. Fair enough.
Hey, where is Perry?
( Fanfare)

 Perry the Platypus!
(Perry falls out of a tube with a missing part that Carl's been fixing)
Carl: Ooh, sorry about that, Agent P.
 Herman the Hedgehog!

Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P.
We've tracked Doofenshmirtz to an old abandoned warehouse, and he's made some suspicious purchases, 10,000 packets of powdered hot chocolate, a hotdog vendor's cart, a medium-sized parka, and a pair of red flannel long johns with a flap in the back.
Don't ask us how we know. Get out there and kick some Doofen-butt.

(Montage of Phineas and Ferb building a gigantic bowling ball.
Phineas and Ferb are shown sleeping)
Baljeet: Wow! That is one big bowling ball.
Phineas: Hey, look at that, Ferb! Told you we could do it in our sleep.

(Scene shifts to Candace's room)
Candace: So, what do you think I should wear to the fair tonight?
I'm thinking my favorite red blouse with my white skirt and red matching socks.
(Bowling pins crashing)
Candace: Stacy, I'm gonna have to call you back.

(In the backyard, the set of bowling pins crash again. Baljeet and Buford cheer)
Phineas: That was amazing!
Isabella: Wow, Phineas! Another strike!
Phineas: That makes four in a row! In your face, Buford!
Baljeet: Ha ha! Yes! What he said! In da face!
(Laughs) Uh-uh, I mean... You will get him next time. Clearly.
Phineas: Ferb, did you get that strike?
(Ferb gives a thumb up then pushes the "Reset" button)

Phineas: Who's next?
Candace: Phineas, just what do you think you're doing out here?
Phineas: Candace, you're just in time. It's your turn.
Candace: Just wait until Mom hears about...
Then again, you guys always seem to make everything disappear before Mom gets home.
But if I take the evidence to her at the Bowl-A-Rama, then she'll have to believe me!

(Candace daydreams)
Linda: Oh, Candace, you were right about Phineas and Ferb this whole time.
We should've believed you.
Lawrence: And just to express how sorry we are, here's my credit card.
You have our permission to ruin us financially.
Jeremy: Candace, that is so cool how you busted your brothers like that!
Will you marry me?
(Daydream ends)

Phineas: So, you wanna give it a try?
Candace: I do, Jeremy, I mean, uh... I'd love to give it a try!
Phineas: All right. I'll show you how it works.

(Candace and Phineas inside of the giant bowling ball)
Phineas: Well, first of all, the cockpit's on a gyroscope so it stays level.
Here's your monitor, and this is the trackball you use to steer.
Now, no matter what, never hit the gyro stabilizer lock button! It'll disable the gyroscope, and you'll spin around like a greased pig on roller skates.
Candace: Yeah, yeah, use the trackball. Don't hit the button. I got it!
Phineas: All right. You seem to know what you're doing.
Candace: Do I ever?
This is a piece of cake.
Bowl-R-Ama, here I come!
Phineas: Okay, Candace, try to take it slow at first!
(The ball takes off at warp speed)
Candace: (laughs hysterically as she controls the ball)
(The ball hits the pins)
Phineas: Way to go, Candace!
(The ball rolls over Ferb's table and away)
Where's she going?
She's freestylin'! We've gotta follow her and see what she does!
Let's go, team!

 Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage!
(Perry swings into the abandoned self storage via grappling hook. After landing on a metallic ledge, he looks around suspiciously, only to end up getting frozen by a giant robotic penguin.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. Right on time. It seems like you've got quite a chill there!
I want you to meet my latest creation: the Giant Robotic Penguin Icy-Freeze-Your-Socks-Off Breath-inator...thingy!
First, I will unleash my giant penguins at the fair today, so they may begin freezing the entire city!
Then I will sell all the citizens of Danville my organic, yet highly addictive, Doof brand hot chocolate. Because, you know, who doesn't enjoy a nice cup of hot chocolate when it's so cold out? The first cup will be free, of course. But then the second... will also be free. But then the third... will cost a million dollars! That way, I only have to sell three, and I will already be a millionaire.
So, Perry the Platypus, as they say in Mexico, dos svidanya! Down there, that's two vidanyas.

(Scene shifts to the street)
Phineas: She's headed for the Bowl-A-Rama!
Candace: (laughs hysterically)

Linda: You know, dear, Candace hasn't called.
Lawrence: Oh, don't worry. I'm sure the kids are having a ball.

(The ball hits a car and bounces away)
Phineas: Ooh! That's gotta hurt.
(The ball rolls through a construction sight, inside, the trackball comes loose)
Candace: Oh, no!
(The ball falls down a hole and goes through a pipe)
Phineas: So where does this lead?
Construction Worker: Huh. Heck if I know.
Phineas: Ferb, the map of Danville's underground.
(Ferb pulls out aforesaid map)
Looks like she's headed downtown.

Candace: Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop!
(The ball stops on a railroad)
(Sighs) Oh, good, it stopped!
(Eyes widen) WAIT...
(Notices a train coming via monitor) Go, go, go, go, go!
(The train hits the ball, it rolls down the railroad and through a station)
Barry: That's one big bowling ball, Bob.
Bob: You betcha, Barry.

Phineas: Here she comes!
Buford/Baljeet: Go, Candace!
Buford: There she goes.
Phineas: All right, guys! To Seventh Street!

(At the abandoned self storage. Perry frees himself from the ice trap by using a mug of hot chocolate. He then leaves using his grappling hook.)

(Scene shifts to the subway entrance.)
Baljeet: Candace! You can do it! Go, Candace!
Isabella: Go! Go! Go!
(Dinging)
Phineas: Hey, Baljeet, what's the world record for the largest pinball machine?
Baljeet: I am not sure, but I know we can beat it.
Phineas: Okay, everybody, split up and let's keep her in play until we get to the fair.

(Song: "Pin-bowlin'")
 Pin, pin, pin, pin-bowlin' along
 Doo doo doo doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
 Yeah!
 Pin, pin, pin, pin-bowlin' along
Candace: AAAAAAAAAH!
 Doo doo doo doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo-doo
 Put your quarter in and take me for a spin
 But you gotta pull the lever back before we begin
 We'll take the trip for two around the table
 Before we drop...
Candace: I'm out of control!
 Keep your fingers on the flippers and your eye on the ball
 We'll be bouncing off the bumpers
 And bangin' off the walls
 Gonna run the score up so high
 You'd think your ears are gonna pop
 And we ain't never gonna tilt
 'Cause, baby, that's not the way we will
Phineas: Woo-hoo!
 We're gonna pin, pin, pin, pin-bowlin' along
 Doo doo doo doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
 Pin, pin, pin, pin-bowlin' along
Candace: AAAAAAAAAAAH! HELP!
 Pin-bowlin' along (X2)
 Doo doo doo doo, doo-doo, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
 Pin-bowlin'
 Yeah!
Phineas: Way to keep it goin', Ferb.

(Scene shifts to the Knock 'Em Down stand at the fair)
Man: Oop, better luck next time, little man. (to Isabella) Isabella, darlin'!
Isabella: Set me up, Shady Joe. I'm feelin' lucky.
Shady Joe: Oh! That's my girl! You give it your best shot.
(Bowling ball rumbling; Sound of pins crashing into the stand)
Shady Joe: Help yourself, anything from the top shelf.
(Last few items drop)
Announcer: Welcome, Danvillians, to the World's Most Pointless Records Awards! Let's meet some of our record holders. Here we have Cletus with the world's hairiest pig. Next to him is Margaret with the world's stinkiest cheese. And finally, we got little Timmy holding the world's fattest gerbil. Let's have a big round of applause for the most pointless world-record winners!
(Scattered applause)
Phineas: Wait! We've got two more World's Most Pointless Records for our own!
Announcer: Well, then, step right up, sonny, and tell everybody what they are.
Phineas: Our first entry is for the world's largest bowling ball, and the other is for the world's largest game of pinball!
Announcer: Wow! Well, let's see 'em!
Ferb: Wait for it.
(Dinging)
Announcer: Looks like we have two more World's Most Pointless Records! (Gasps) Wait, two records in one day? That's another world record!

Doofenshmirtz: To the fair, my pets, where the freezing of the Tri-State Area will begin! (Later notices the bowling ball) Wait. Wait, what is that? A giant bowling ball? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

Candace: AAAAAAAAAAAAH! (Eventually lands next to Jeremy on the Ferris wheel)
Jeremy: Oh, Candace, you made it. I was thinking you weren't gonna show. Although, you know, usually we get on at the bottom.
Candace: (Giggles)
Phineas: (On microphone) We'd especially like to thank our sister, Candace. We couldn't have done it without you, sis!
Jeremy: You know, your brothers are all right. Hey, are you okay? (Candace points to the ground) Oh, afraid of heights. Don't worry, I got ya.
Phineas: How about you, Perry? Is there anything you'd like to add?
(Perry chatters)

(Phineas is sleeping in his bed in their bedroom in the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
 Na, na na
Phineas: Yes!
Hey, Ferb! (Throws pillow at Ferb) It's Candace's birthday!
We gotta do better than last year.

(Flashback)
Gorilla: (Comes out cake; Roars)
Candace: AAH! (Slams door)
(Flashback ends)

Phineas: Not our best work.
This time it's gotta be something huge!

(Candace has a dream in her bedroom.)
(Song: "She's Candace")
 She's Candace.
 Like the Venus De Milo, except she's not armless and handless.
 She's got a big, honking truckload of ship-launching qualities.
 And this is the reason she bears no resemblance to a praying mantis!
 (Candace) A name with 7 letters!
 (Candace) Only wears designer sweaters!
 (Candace) She's got an allergy to dairy!
 (Candace) And she's anything but ordinary!
(Perry chatters)
Candace: (wakes up) Perry?
(Perry is on Candace's bed)

(In the kitchen, Candace gives Perry to Ferb)
This is yours, I believe.
Linda: Happy birthday, Candace! I made you a special breakfast!
(Shows a pile of pancakes with a birthday candle on top)
Lawrence: And after that, we have a surprise!
Candace: What is it?! Where is it?!
Lawrence: We have to drive to it.
Candace: (gasps) Ooooooooooh!!!

(Later, in the family car)
(offscreen) Is it the mall?
(Cut to in the car)
Linda: (offscreen) No.
Candace: Okay...
(looks around) but is it the mall, right?
(The car enters Mount Rushmore)
Lawrence: (offscreen) No, it's not the mall.
Candace: Wait.
Please don't tell me we're going to Mt. Rushmore...
Linda: Isn't it great?
(Looks at a pamphlet) Four American presidents carved into a side of a mountain.
Lawrence: It was Phineas and Ferb's idea!
(Candace gives Phineas an angry glare)
Phineas: You're welcome.

(In the parking lot...)
Lawrence: Okay. You lot go on ahead. I'll find a parking spot and meet you there! (drives off)
Phineas: We're going up to the monument. Come on, Perry.
Linda: Okay, we'll join you in a minute!

(In the gift shop)
Okay, Candace. It's your birthday, you can pick out anything you want.
Ooh, what about the Mt. Rushmore bobble head?
Candace: Mom, that's lame.
Linda: Okay.
How about this cute, cuddly Lincoln?
Candace: Jeremy?
(Runs to counter) Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: What are you doing here?
Jeremy: Ah, I'm just here on the Mr. Slushy Burger worker exchange program.
Candace: Um...
(Clattering) Uh, oh, well, it's my birthday today, and...I...uh...
(Clattering) I gotta check something.
Back in a flash, 'kay? (Zips off)

(Outside)
(Deeply) Where'd they go?

(Back inside)
Isabella: Hi, Mrs. Fletcher.
Linda: Oh, hi, Isabella.
What brings you girls here?
Isabella: Fireside Girls field trip.
Um, is Phineas here?
Linda: Mmm hmm.
He and Ferb are up on the monument.

Phineas: Possibilities.
Ferb: (Ding)
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

 Doo be doo be doo ba,
 Doo be doo be doo ba,
 Doo be doo be doo ba,
 Doo be doo be doo ba,
 Doo be-
 Doo be doo be doo ba, Doo be doo be doo ba
Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to no good again.
We just discovered his new hideout is located inside Lincoln's head at Mt. Rushmore.
(Perry scowls)
I-I know. You were just there.
Poor planning on our part, actually. Sorry.

Candace: (growling voice) Phineas?! Ferrrrb?! Ohh.
Man: Hey, honey. What are them kids doing up on the monument?
Candace: Let me see that. (Looks through the binoculars, sees Phineas and Ferb on the monument and gasps) Mom! Mom, you've got to see this now. Here, look!
Linda: Oop. Ran out of time.
Candace: Oh, (Rummaging) here, look now!
(Linda looks through the telescope, but the water from a geyser blocks the action)
Linda: Oh, Old Reliable Geyser. How exciting! (at Candace) I'm just gonna go back to the gift shop.
(Candace looks through the telescope, the water has stopped gushing. Candace cringes and stomps off, causing the telescope to bounce up to Perry, who enters Lincoln's head to Doofenshmirtz's lair)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! Your timing﻿ is impeccable. And by impeccable I mean: COMPLETELY PECCABLE! (Laughs) You're just in time to witness my latest scheme. Behold, my Drill-Inator! I will bore a tunnel to China, build a toll highway, and make millions!
So, as they say in China: Arrivederci!
(Punches landing)

Phineas: Now, where should we start?
Isabella: (dreamy voice) Hi, Phineas. What'cha doin'?
Phineas: It's a surprise.
Isabella: Can I help?
Phineas: We could use a lookout!
Isabella: You got it!
(Rushes to trees, birds squawking)

Cashier: Uh, ma'am, if you handle the big stick, you gotta buy it.
Candace: Mom! You gotta see what Phineas and Ferb are doing!

Ranger: (On megaphone) Uh, excuse me. Aren't you a little young to be restoring a national monument?
Ferb: (Holds megaphone)
Phineas: (On megaphone) Yes. Yes, we are.
Ranger: Well, it's good to see young people taking an interest in our national heritage.

Doofenshmirtz: (Grunting and screaming)
Computer Voice: Hull overheating. Hull overheating.
Doofenshmirtz: The molten lava of the earth's core completely slipped my mind. (They pull away, just as the lava flows above them.)
Oh no! THE LAVA IS FOLLOWING US!!! (Perry uses a drill to divert the lava.)
(The lava is being diverted.) You did it, Perry the Platypus! You saved us! (The drill comes back and Perry turns into the upper left and the lava is still chasing them.)
I hate to be a stickler, but the lava is coming AGAIN!!! FASTER!

Candace: Wait 'till you see what those two are up to!
Isabella: (singsong) She's coming!

 Phineas and Ferb Theme Song instrumental

(Candace and Linda are coming up the stairs)
They're getting closer!!
Phineas: We're running a little behind on schedule. Go to Plan B.
Isabella: (on bullhorn) Plan B, girls!
(The Fireside Girls haul something over to the viewing area)

Candace: You are gonna be shocked by what I'm about to show you, Mom.

(They arrive at the viewing area, but Candace is the one who's shocked, not Linda. What they see is cardboard, Mount Rushmore)
Linda: Hmm. I guess things look better in photos. (Phone rings) Oh, it's Dad. (walks away)
(Cut to Lawrence)
Lawrence: Hi, honey! I found an absolutely brilliant parking space!
(widen to reveal a huge parking lot, an arrow shows where the car is, cut back to Linda)
Linda: (Going down the stairs) Great! I'll meet you at the gift shop, Dear. I still have to buy that big stick.

(Candace still stares shocked at what she saw. A bird knocks the cardboard down revealing the real Mount Rushmore)
Candace: Huh?
Phineas: Now! (Phineas and Ferb swing on ropes, revealing a hideous looking Candace statue. Candace is still shocked)
Phineas: (long pause) Oops.
(Ferb hammers a rock, the hideous statue crumbles, revealing a proper Candace statue. Briefly, Candace is still shocked, but it turns into happiness)
Candace: Huh? (tears up, sobs) Why it's... (sobs) i-it's...IIIIIT'S BEAUUUUTIFULLLL...! (sobs) MOOOOOM!!! (runs off)

(Candace runs down the stairs)
Candace: Mom! (trips) I've gotta show you something right now! (drags her) Come on! Follow me!
Linda: Candace, are you still trying to get the boys in trouble?
Candace: No! No, no, this is a great thing! Oh, it's the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me!
Linda: (tries to climb the stairs) You know, Candace, this is the second time I've climbed up there! I'm already down half a dress size!
Candace: Come on! Hurry!

(Cut to the Drill-inator, it bursts out of the "nose" on the Candace statue)
Doofenshmirtz: AAH! (Perry locks the Drill-inator's target onto the Old Reliable Geyser and jumps off)
Wait, where are you going? AAH! (The Drill-inator lands on the geyser) I'm okay, I -- (spins around and gets flung away) AAH! Fie upon you, Perry the Platypuuuuus!
(Perry parachutes down to safety)

(Cut back to Candace)
Candace: Hurry, Mom! You won't believe it!
(Spots of lava form on the statue)
...Huh?
(Lava bursts out of the spots on the statue)
(Gasps) Ewwwww!
(More lava bursts out, Candace gets shocked. The statue explodes as an orchestra plays music to match the feeling and Phineas and Ferb roast hot dogs on the lava. Water from the geyser spurts out from under the Drill-inator at the lava, cooling it)

(Candace's expression changes to depression, Linda makes her perfectly timed entrance) Linda: Whew! Finally made it, honey! Now, what is it you wanted me to see?
Candace: Bu...bu...!
(Camera shows the lava smoke vanishing, revealing the normal monument, no Candace statue and all)
Linda: You're right! It's beautiful! (hugs her) Happy birthday, honey. (Kisses Candace's cheek) Now let's go find your father. (Linda walks away, the camera zooms in on a saddened Candace)

Candace: Ugh! (bangs her head on the iron rod)
(Phineas and Ferb come over)
Phineas: Did ya like your birthday present?
Candace: Uh-huh, uh... (walks away)
Ferb: Well, it was definitely better than the gorilla in the cake.

(Scene opens up showing the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
Candace: Isn't today great? Today is such a great day! Everything is so great!
Linda: My, Candace, what's got you in such a good mood?
Candace: Jeremy asked me to go play croquet with him in the park!
Lawrence: Okay, well, be sure to be home in time for the barbecue. We're gonna be watching Kermillian's Comet fly past the Earth.
Phineas: A comet? Cool!
Lawrence: It only comes around every seventy three and a half years.
Linda: We'll be barbecuing steaks for the whole neighborhood! Why don't you bring Jeremy?
Candace: You had me at "steaks"!
Phineas: Why is it called Kermillian's Comet, Dad?
Lawrence: Kermillian's Comet was named after an ancient Danville astronomer, Augustus Kermillian, who discovered the comet.
Linda: It's also been said that if you wish on a comet, your wish will come true.
Phineas: Wow! Come on, Ferb. I know what we're gonna do today!
Lawrence: By the way, where is Perry?

Major Monogram: (Talking throughout the Flynn-Fletcher's television set) Agent P, (Perry puts on his fedora) Sorry to disturb you, but we have an emergency. We've just been informed that all steaks in the Tri-State area have disappeared. This has Doofenshmirtz written all over it. Go lay your smack-down on him, Agent P. The fate of the world rests entirely in your hands.
Lawrence: (Walking into the living room) What, the fate of the world?
Major Monogram: Uh, welcome to our telethon. If you're just joining us, your dollars are helping us to find a cure for, um... antidisestablishmentarianism.
Lawrence: Goodness me, that sounds dreadful!
Major Monogram: Oh, it is. It, um, makes you look pale and weak, (He shows Carl) like this young lad.
Lawrence: Oh dear, the poor thing. Look at that. Wait a minute. Antidisestablishmentarianism? That's more of an ideological stance than a disease. Isn't it?
Major Monogram: Uh, well, look at that. (He hides Carl) Seems they just found a cure. Thanks to all the viewers who donated. Bye now.
(Monogram cuts the feed)
Linda: Honey, you ready to go?
Lawrence: Yeah, sure. Hey, did you know they've just found a cure for antidisestablishmentarianism?
Linda: Great. I can finally take off this puce ribbon.

(At the park)
(Song: "Candace (Who's That Girl)")
(Candace comes on wearing a white shirt, bootcut jeans with back pockets, a white belt with a gold buckle, and her normal shoes and socks Riding her bike)
La-la-la-la-la-la
 La-la-la-la-la-la
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: Hi, Jeremy!
Jeremy: You remember my little sister Suzy.
Candace: But I thought it was just going to be us.
Jeremy: Well, my folks asked me to keep an eye on Suzy for the afternoon. Who's my favorite girl?
Suzy: I am, I am! (She giggles) Would you show me how to play croquet?
Jeremy: Sure thing, kiddo.
Candace: Is this pie homemade?
Jeremy: Yeah, my Mom made it. I'll go get some plates out of the picnic basket.
Candace:Well, tell her that it's just– (Suzy hits a croquet ball into the pie, shoving it in Candace's face)
Jeremy: Candace, what happened?
Candace: I don't know.
Jeremy: Wait here. I'll go get a towel.
Suzy: So we meet again, Candace Flynn. There's only room for one girl in Jeremy's life, and that is me. And here he comes now. ... Jeremy!
Jeremy: Here's the towel.
Candace: Sorry about the pie, Jeremy. I–I don't know what happened.
Jeremy: Oh, that's okay. You want a soda?
Candace: Yeah, that'd be great.
Suzy: Here, take mine.
Candace: Oh, thank you. That was really– (She opens can and gets sprayed by the soda)
Jeremy: Candace, there's some street performers over there that– I'll go get another towel.

Phineas: These are the blueprints for our giant observatory, Ferb. First thing we need is a lens.
(As Phineas and Ferb build their observatory to the tune of "Quirky Worky Song")
(A laser goes off, and cuts some of Phineas's hair)
Phineas: Cool. Hey, Ferb, new hairdo. Check it out.
(Montage ends)
Isabella: Hey, Phineas. Whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Ferb and I are building a giant observatory to watch Kermillian's Comet tonight.
Isabella: Ooh, that sounds like fun.
Phineas: We're gonna put on a laser light show and, as a grand finale, we're gonna laser our faces into the comet. That way, when it comes back in seventy-three and a half years, we can all show our grandchildren. Oh, yeah, my parents are cooking steaks for everyone.
Isabella: You had me at "our grandchildren."
(A record scratches)
Phineas: What?!
Isabella: STEAKS! You– you had me at "steaks."

(Shopping for steaks)
Linda: Okay, we need to get ten t-bones... No steaks? Oh, dear. Let's try uptown.

Jeremy: So, you wanna see those street performers?
Candace: Sure.
Jeremy: I'm gonna go grab some snacks. I'll meet you over there.
Candace: Okay. Come on, Suzy. Let's go... Suzy? Suzy?
Elderly lady: (Feeding squirrels) Here you go. There's plenty for everyone. (to Suzy) Well, hello there, little girl.
Suzy: Hello. Could I have some nuts to feed the squirrels?
Elderly lady: I'd love to, but I only have one left.
Suzy: (yelling) Gimme the nut!
The lady screams and whimpers as Suzy picks up the nut she dropped in fright)
Suzy: Thank you.
Candace: Suzy? Suzy? Where are you?
(Suzy shows the nuts to two squirrels, then hits it into Candace's jeans)(Candace looks over and sees the 2 squirrels run and jump into her jeans making her dance out of control)
(Candace screams)

(Song: "S.I.M.P. (Squirrels In My Pants)")
 Now somebody, anybody, everybody scream
Candace: Aaaah! There are squirrels in my pants!
Street Performer 1: That girl's got some serious squirrels in her pants.
Candace: There are squirrels in my pants!

 Tell me what's makin' you jump like that
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants
 Ain't got no chickens, ain't got no rats
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants.

 S to the I to the M to the P
 Then maybe you can be movin' like me

 Step right over and watch me put it down
Candace: Squirrels! Squirrels!
 Step right over and watch me put a...
 S to the I to the M to the P

 Who ya got back home watering your plants?
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants
 How can I qualify for government grants?
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants

 Yeah... Hypnotize me, put me in a trance
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants
 Get an Aunt Florence living in France...
 She can't see the
Candace: Squirrels in my pants!

 Step right over and watch me put it down
Candace: Squirrels! Squirrels!
 Step right over and watch me put it...
 S to the I to the M to the P!

(Candace screams and collapses, and the squirrels exit climb up the legs and jump out)
Performer 1: Wow, she had actual squirrels in her pants.
Street Performer 2: We just got served.

 Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated!
Doofenshmirtz: One moment, please. ... (Doofenshmirtz comes out wearing two steaks as glasses) Perry the Platypus? What are you looking at? ... Oh, these. Yes, these are my latest invention - steak specs. I came up with the idea after your last little visit. (Doofenshmirtz shows Perry his black eye) With these on, you don't have to constantly hold a piece of steak to your black eye. See? See?... I plan on mass-producing these. I'll make millions. Let me show you. (He shows Perry a containment unit for all the steaks) I've stolen all the steaks in the Tri-State Area, and I keep them here in my steak containment unit or SCU (Pronounced skʰʌ), for short, or maybe it should be SCU (Pronounced skʰu). ... I'm a little on the fence about - Wait. What are you doing? (Perry pulls down a she, revealing an -inator) Oh, that? That's just a giant heat ray in case I want to do something evil later.

Jeremy: Why don't you stay here with Suzy, and I'll go buy you some ice cream?
Candace: No, no, no. You stay here, I'll go buy the ice cream.
(Suzy hits a croquet ball under Candace's shoe, making her fall into the ice-cream vendor's cart head first,and then having that role down a set of stairs)
Street Performer 2: (Watching) Oh, man, we got served again.
Street Performer 1: I'm goin' back to culinary school.
(Candace runs over a mime and crashes into a tree, where a few squirrels fall into the cart with her)
Jeremy: Candace?
Candace: (Returning covered in chocolate) Here you go. All they had was fudgie bars.
Jeremy: Candace, what happened?
Candace: There were so many of 'em. The horror, the horror.
Jeremy: Maybe you should sit down. So what happened again?
Suzy: Are you okay? I have something that will make you smile. I want you to meet Mr. Chippy. (pulls a squirrel from behind her back)
(Candace and the squirrel scream at each other)
Candace: Get that sick creature away from me!
Jeremy: Candace, it's okay. It's just a squirrel.
Candace: That's not the one I'm talking about.
(Candace runs away)
Jeremy: What happened to her?
Suzy: (While petting the squirrel) I don't know, but these violent mood swings are probably a sign of deeper emotional imbalance.
Jeremy: What?
Suzy: Heh-heh-heh. Bubbles. Hee-hee.

Phineas: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Observa-Ferb-atory. Step this way, please. Single-file line. The laser show will begin momentarily. Please, no flash photography or cell phones. Thank you. (To Ferb) All right, Ferb, that's everyone. Kill the lights. Space - it's really big. It's filled with planets of all shapes and sizes and millions of shiny stars. Space has also got huge comets soaring through it, including one named after the ancient Danville astronomer Kermillian.
Candace: (Arriving home, and seeing the observatory) What's going on? ... Phineas.
Phineas: And now, behold - Kermillian's Comet. ... Commence laser-engraving sequence.
(The laser engraves Phineas and Ferb's faces onto the comet)
Candace: Phineas, you guys put your face on a comet? Ooh, I'm telling Mom.
Phineas: Good idea, Candace. She's gonna love it.

Doofenshmirtz: Wait. You're not trying to hack into the ray-gun system, are you? Wait, what am I worried about? You'll never guess my super-secret password.
Heat laser: "Doofalicious". Access granted.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, that's enough.
(Perry flipps doofenshmirtz onto a large, red button)
Heat laser: Overload.
Doofenshmirtz: (He groans) This should be fun. (The ray-gun begins firing wildly)
Kids: Ooh, wow!
Phineas: Ferb, take it easy with the lasers. Remember, we still got an 8:30 show. Can I have everyone's attention? Please don't panic. We're experiencing technical difficulties. Calmly head towards the exits in a calm, orderly– (A large piece of rubble lands near Phineas. He gets startled by this and realizes how he could've easily gotten hurt.) Okay, now you can panic.
(Everyone screams and runs out)
(One final super-charged beam hits the observatory)
Phineas: Ferb, what's happening?! (The observatory explodes) That was so cool!
(The crowd cheers)

Doofenshmirtz: (A beam from the heat ray focuses on the Steak Containment Unit) Not the SCU! (Pronounced skʰʌ) Now that I'm looking at the sign, I think it really does look more like SCU (Pronounced skʰu). ... Not the SCU! Come back here! Perry the Platypus, come back. Ooh, something smells delicious. (The top of Doofenshmirtz's building explodes sending steaks flying) Curse you, Perry the Platypus.

Linda: (Arriving home) I can't believe we drove around the whole city and couldn't find one steak.
Candace: (Candace then runs outside in her normal outfit) Mom, they used a laser to carve their faces in the comet.
Lawrence: Candace, I don't see anything.
Candace: No, no, no.You could only see it from their observatory. Come on, come on. See?
(Candace walks into the backyard and stares deadpanned. Linda and Lawrence walk in as well)
Lawrence: Well, I don't see an observatory.
Linda: Sorry, everyone! We looked all over town, and we couldn't find any steaks.
(Everyone is disappointed)
Buford: Oh, man. I even brought my own plate!
Lawrence: At least we can all enjoy Kermillian's Comet together.
Phineas: Yeah, before it disappears for another seventy three and a half years.
Candace: (runs up to them) Just wait! When I'm eighty-eight, you will be so busted! (runs off)
Ferb: Actually, you'd be eighty-eight and a half.
Candace: (offscreen) Whatever!
Lawrence: So, honey, make a wish.
Linda: I wish we had steaks.
Buford: Yeah, me too.
(Cooked steaks from Doofenshmirtz's SCU begin to fall from the sky)
Linda: I'll be honest. I didn't think that would work.
Baljeet: (With a steak on his head) I did not bring a plate... I thought they would be provided...
Street Performer 2: Dude, we should getting served.
Street Performer 1: Yeah, I'm gettin' used to it.
(The rest of the Danville citizens get steaks on their plates, and Pinky gobbles up the steaks himself)
Jeremy: Candace, are you okay?
Candace: You mean you came over to check on me?
Jeremy: Of course.
(Perry lands on Phineas' plate)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry.

Jeremy: So, that's Kermillian's Comet. Did you make a wish?
Candace: Yes.
Jeremy: And did it come true?
(Candace and Jeremy hold hands)
Candace: It just did.
(Suzy is about to ruin Candace and Jeremy's moment using a croquet mallet and ball, but ended up getting in a pile of steaks, ending the episode)

(Scene opens up showing the Flynn-Fletcher house.)
Candace: Isn't today great? Today is such a great day! Everything is so great!
Linda: My, Candace, what's got you in such a good mood?
Candace: Jeremy asked me to go play croquet with him in the park!
Lawrence: Okay, well, be sure to be home in time for the barbecue. We're gonna be watching Kermillian's Comet fly past the Earth.
Phineas: A comet? Cool!
Lawrence: It only comes around every seventy three and a half years.
Linda: We'll be barbecuing steaks for the whole neighborhood! Why don't you bring Jeremy?
Candace: You had me at "steaks"!
Phineas: Why is it called Kermillian's Comet, Dad?
Lawrence: Kermillian's Comet was named after an ancient Danville astronomer, Augustus Kermillian, who discovered the comet.
Linda: It's also been said that if you wish on a comet, your wish will come true.
Phineas: Wow! Come on, Ferb. I know what we're gonna do today!
Lawrence: By the way, where is Perry?

Major Monogram: (Talking throughout the Flynn-Fletcher's television set) Agent P, (Perry puts on his fedora) Sorry to disturb you, but we have an emergency. We've just been informed that all steaks in the Tri-State area have disappeared. This has Doofenshmirtz written all over it. Go lay your smack-down on him, Agent P. The fate of the world rests entirely in your hands.
Lawrence: (Walking into the living room) What, the fate of the world?
Major Monogram: Uh, welcome to our telethon. If you're just joining us, your dollars are helping us to find a cure for, um... antidisestablishmentarianism.
Lawrence: Goodness me, that sounds dreadful!
Major Monogram: Oh, it is. It, um, makes you look pale and weak, (He shows Carl) like this young lad.
Lawrence: Oh dear, the poor thing. Look at that. Wait a minute. Antidisestablishmentarianism? That's more of an ideological stance than a disease. Isn't it?
Major Monogram: Uh, well, look at that. (He hides Carl) Seems they just found a cure. Thanks to all the viewers who donated. Bye now.
(Monogram cuts the feed)
Linda: Honey, you ready to go?
Lawrence: Yeah, sure. Hey, did you know they've just found a cure for antidisestablishmentarianism?
Linda: Great. I can finally take off this puce ribbon.

(At the park)
(Song: "Candace (Who's That Girl)")
(Candace comes on wearing a white shirt, bootcut jeans with back pockets, a white belt with a gold buckle, and her normal shoes and socks Riding her bike)
La-la-la-la-la-la
 La-la-la-la-la-la
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: Hi, Jeremy!
Jeremy: You remember my little sister Suzy.
Candace: But I thought it was just going to be us.
Jeremy: Well, my folks asked me to keep an eye on Suzy for the afternoon. Who's my favorite girl?
Suzy: I am, I am! (She giggles) Would you show me how to play croquet?
Jeremy: Sure thing, kiddo.
Candace: Is this pie homemade?
Jeremy: Yeah, my Mom made it. I'll go get some plates out of the picnic basket.
Candace:Well, tell her that it's just– (Suzy hits a croquet ball into the pie, shoving it in Candace's face)
Jeremy: Candace, what happened?
Candace: I don't know.
Jeremy: Wait here. I'll go get a towel.
Suzy: So we meet again, Candace Flynn. There's only room for one girl in Jeremy's life, and that is me. And here he comes now. ... Jeremy!
Jeremy: Here's the towel.
Candace: Sorry about the pie, Jeremy. I–I don't know what happened.
Jeremy: Oh, that's okay. You want a soda?
Candace: Yeah, that'd be great.
Suzy: Here, take mine.
Candace: Oh, thank you. That was really– (She opens can and gets sprayed by the soda)
Jeremy: Candace, there's some street performers over there that– I'll go get another towel.

Phineas: These are the blueprints for our giant observatory, Ferb. First thing we need is a lens.
(As Phineas and Ferb build their observatory to the tune of "Quirky Worky Song")
(A laser goes off, and cuts some of Phineas's hair)
Phineas: Cool. Hey, Ferb, new hairdo. Check it out.
(Montage ends)
Isabella: Hey, Phineas. Whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Ferb and I are building a giant observatory to watch Kermillian's Comet tonight.
Isabella: Ooh, that sounds like fun.
Phineas: We're gonna put on a laser light show and, as a grand finale, we're gonna laser our faces into the comet. That way, when it comes back in seventy-three and a half years, we can all show our grandchildren. Oh, yeah, my parents are cooking steaks for everyone.
Isabella: You had me at "our grandchildren."
(A record scratches)
Phineas: What?!
Isabella: STEAKS! You– you had me at "steaks."

(Shopping for steaks)
Linda: Okay, we need to get ten t-bones... No steaks? Oh, dear. Let's try uptown.

Jeremy: So, you wanna see those street performers?
Candace: Sure.
Jeremy: I'm gonna go grab some snacks. I'll meet you over there.
Candace: Okay. Come on, Suzy. Let's go... Suzy? Suzy?
Elderly lady: (Feeding squirrels) Here you go. There's plenty for everyone. (to Suzy) Well, hello there, little girl.
Suzy: Hello. Could I have some nuts to feed the squirrels?
Elderly lady: I'd love to, but I only have one left.
Suzy: (yelling) Gimme the nut!
The lady screams and whimpers as Suzy picks up the nut she dropped in fright)
Suzy: Thank you.
Candace: Suzy? Suzy? Where are you?
(Suzy shows the nuts to two squirrels, then hits it into Candace's jeans)(Candace looks over and sees the 2 squirrels run and jump into her jeans making her dance out of control)
(Candace screams)

(Song: "S.I.M.P. (Squirrels In My Pants)")
 Now somebody, anybody, everybody scream
Candace: Aaaah! There are squirrels in my pants!
Street Performer 1: That girl's got some serious squirrels in her pants.
Candace: There are squirrels in my pants!

 Tell me what's makin' you jump like that
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants
 Ain't got no chickens, ain't got no rats
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants.

 S to the I to the M to the P
 Then maybe you can be movin' like me

 Step right over and watch me put it down
Candace: Squirrels! Squirrels!
 Step right over and watch me put a...
 S to the I to the M to the P

 Who ya got back home watering your plants?
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants
 How can I qualify for government grants?
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants

 Yeah... Hypnotize me, put me in a trance
 S-I-M-P, squirrels in my pants
 Get an Aunt Florence living in France...
 She can't see the
Candace: Squirrels in my pants!

 Step right over and watch me put it down
Candace: Squirrels! Squirrels!
 Step right over and watch me put it...
 S to the I to the M to the P!

(Candace screams and collapses, and the squirrels exit climb up the legs and jump out)
Performer 1: Wow, she had actual squirrels in her pants.
Street Performer 2: We just got served.

 Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated!
Doofenshmirtz: One moment, please. ... (Doofenshmirtz comes out wearing two steaks as glasses) Perry the Platypus? What are you looking at? ... Oh, these. Yes, these are my latest invention - steak specs. I came up with the idea after your last little visit. (Doofenshmirtz shows Perry his black eye) With these on, you don't have to constantly hold a piece of steak to your black eye. See? See?... I plan on mass-producing these. I'll make millions. Let me show you. (He shows Perry a containment unit for all the steaks) I've stolen all the steaks in the Tri-State Area, and I keep them here in my steak containment unit or SCU (Pronounced skʰʌ), for short, or maybe it should be SCU (Pronounced skʰu). ... I'm a little on the fence about - Wait. What are you doing? (Perry pulls down a she, revealing an -inator) Oh, that? That's just a giant heat ray in case I want to do something evil later.

Jeremy: Why don't you stay here with Suzy, and I'll go buy you some ice cream?
Candace: No, no, no. You stay here, I'll go buy the ice cream.
(Suzy hits a croquet ball under Candace's shoe, making her fall into the ice-cream vendor's cart head first,and then having that role down a set of stairs)
Street Performer 2: (Watching) Oh, man, we got served again.
Street Performer 1: I'm goin' back to culinary school.
(Candace runs over a mime and crashes into a tree, where a few squirrels fall into the cart with her)
Jeremy: Candace?
Candace: (Returning covered in chocolate) Here you go. All they had was fudgie bars.
Jeremy: Candace, what happened?
Candace: There were so many of 'em. The horror, the horror.
Jeremy: Maybe you should sit down. So what happened again?
Suzy: Are you okay? I have something that will make you smile. I want you to meet Mr. Chippy. (pulls a squirrel from behind her back)
(Candace and the squirrel scream at each other)
Candace: Get that sick creature away from me!
Jeremy: Candace, it's okay. It's just a squirrel.
Candace: That's not the one I'm talking about.
(Candace runs away)
Jeremy: What happened to her?
Suzy: (While petting the squirrel) I don't know, but these violent mood swings are probably a sign of deeper emotional imbalance.
Jeremy: What?
Suzy: Heh-heh-heh. Bubbles. Hee-hee.

Phineas: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Observa-Ferb-atory. Step this way, please. Single-file line. The laser show will begin momentarily. Please, no flash photography or cell phones. Thank you. (To Ferb) All right, Ferb, that's everyone. Kill the lights. Space - it's really big. It's filled with planets of all shapes and sizes and millions of shiny stars. Space has also got huge comets soaring through it, including one named after the ancient Danville astronomer Kermillian.
Candace: (Arriving home, and seeing the observatory) What's going on? ... Phineas.
Phineas: And now, behold - Kermillian's Comet. ... Commence laser-engraving sequence.
(The laser engraves Phineas and Ferb's faces onto the comet)
Candace: Phineas, you guys put your face on a comet? Ooh, I'm telling Mom.
Phineas: Good idea, Candace. She's gonna love it.

Doofenshmirtz: Wait. You're not trying to hack into the ray-gun system, are you? Wait, what am I worried about? You'll never guess my super-secret password.
Heat laser: "Doofalicious". Access granted.
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, that's enough.
(Perry flipps doofenshmirtz onto a large, red button)
Heat laser: Overload.
Doofenshmirtz: (He groans) This should be fun. (The ray-gun begins firing wildly)
Kids: Ooh, wow!
Phineas: Ferb, take it easy with the lasers. Remember, we still got an 8:30 show. Can I have everyone's attention? Please don't panic. We're experiencing technical difficulties. Calmly head towards the exits in a calm, orderly– (A large piece of rubble lands near Phineas. He gets startled by this and realizes how he could've easily gotten hurt.) Okay, now you can panic.
(Everyone screams and runs out)
(One final super-charged beam hits the observatory)
Phineas: Ferb, what's happening?! (The observatory explodes) That was so cool!
(The crowd cheers)

Doofenshmirtz: (A beam from the heat ray focuses on the Steak Containment Unit) Not the SCU! (Pronounced skʰʌ) Now that I'm looking at the sign, I think it really does look more like SCU (Pronounced skʰu). ... Not the SCU! Come back here! Perry the Platypus, come back. Ooh, something smells delicious. (The top of Doofenshmirtz's building explodes sending steaks flying) Curse you, Perry the Platypus.

Linda: (Arriving home) I can't believe we drove around the whole city and couldn't find one steak.
Candace: (Candace then runs outside in her normal outfit) Mom, they used a laser to carve their faces in the comet.
Lawrence: Candace, I don't see anything.
Candace: No, no, no.You could only see it from their observatory. Come on, come on. See?
(Candace walks into the backyard and stares deadpanned. Linda and Lawrence walk in as well)
Lawrence: Well, I don't see an observatory.
Linda: Sorry, everyone! We looked all over town, and we couldn't find any steaks.
(Everyone is disappointed)
Buford: Oh, man. I even brought my own plate!
Lawrence: At least we can all enjoy Kermillian's Comet together.
Phineas: Yeah, before it disappears for another seventy three and a half years.
Candace: (runs up to them) Just wait! When I'm eighty-eight, you will be so busted! (runs off)
Ferb: Actually, you'd be eighty-eight and a half.
Candace: (offscreen) Whatever!
Lawrence: So, honey, make a wish.
Linda: I wish we had steaks.
Buford: Yeah, me too.
(Cooked steaks from Doofenshmirtz's SCU begin to fall from the sky)
Linda: I'll be honest. I didn't think that would work.
Baljeet: (With a steak on his head) I did not bring a plate... I thought they would be provided...
Street Performer 2: Dude, we should getting served.
Street Performer 1: Yeah, I'm gettin' used to it.
(The rest of the Danville citizens get steaks on their plates, and Pinky gobbles up the steaks himself)
Jeremy: Candace, are you okay?
Candace: You mean you came over to check on me?
Jeremy: Of course.
(Perry lands on Phineas' plate)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry.

Jeremy: So, that's Kermillian's Comet. Did you make a wish?
Candace: Yes.
Jeremy: And did it come true?
(Candace and Jeremy hold hands)
Candace: It just did.
(Suzy is about to ruin Candace and Jeremy's moment using a croquet mallet and ball, but ended up getting in a pile of steaks, ending the episode)

(Scene opens up showing the Flynn-Fletcher house with Lawrence practicing a speech to Phineas, Ferb, Betty Jo Flynn, and Clyde Flynn)
Lawrence: And that is why the 18th century sewing thimble was not only a slice of history, but a compelling example of American grit and perseverance. Hmm? Hmm? Hmm? Yes?
Phineas: Great, Dad.
Betty Jo: Oh, that was wonderf... (She fake snores)
Linda: Mom!
Betty Jo: Oh, I'm kidding! Hon, your speech is gonna be a big hit at the antique thimble symposium.
Lawrence: It's gonna knock 'em dead.
Linda: Uh, which we're gonna be late for if we don't get on the road! Thanks again for looking after the kids today. Candace is skating at the park, all numbers are on the fridge.
Lawrence: Be good for your grandparents, boys!
Phineas: Bye!
(Door slams)
Grandma Betty Jo: You wanna go down and embarrass your sister at the park?
Phineas and Clyde: Yeah.
(Everyone dashes off)

(Cut to the park)
Stacy: You got it, Candace! You may be rusty, but you got it!
Candace: Uh, I can't turn around...or stop, but I got it! I wonder if Jeremy's skating here today. Does this helmet make my butt look big?
Phineas: See? I told you Ferb was a good skater.
Betty Jo: Ooh, that's my boy!
Stacy: Hey, isn't that your family?
Clyde: Yoo-hoo!
Betty Jo: Hello!
Phineas: Hey, Candace! Jump in!
Candace: I am so not with them! Turn me around, Stacy!
Phineas: So, Grandma, where did you get the moves?
Betty Jo: Well, boys, I was quite the skater in my– (She skates into someone) Oof! Watch where you're--
Woman: (Gasps) Betty Jo? Of the Tri-State Bombers?
Betty Jo: Hildegard? Of the Saskatoon Slashers?
Hildegard: I thought I smelled the last of you back in '57, when I whipped your sorry behind, took the trophy and became the rightful Queen of the Derby!
Phineas: Whoa, Grandma, you were in the rollerskating derby?
Betty Jo: Not only was I in it, I was champ! It was years ago. (Flashback)
Betty Jo: (Narrating) The night of the final match between the Bombers and the Slashers. We were on our final lap. What was left of my team used our signature move "The Whip" to send me to the finish line. Hildegard's team had the same idea. The trophy was mine until...
(the young Hildegard punches Betty Jo, and crosses the finish line first)
(Flashback ends)
Betty Jo: You only won because you cheated!
Hildegard: "Anything goes", remember?
Betty Jo: Well, what do you say we try it again, cheater?
Hildegard: Anytime, anywhere.
Betty Jo: You skate like a water buffalo!
Hildegard: (in background) You couldn't win a race against a one-legged stuffed owl.
Betty Jo: (in background) Take your teeth out or I will do it for you!
Candace: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy: Uh, Candace? Why is my grandma yelling at your grandma?
Candace: That's your grandmother?
Hildegard: Come on, Jeremy. You and your little sister are on my team. Suzy!
Suzy: Yes, Grandma?
Hildegard: Me, you and Jeremy are a team. Got it?
Betty Jo: So I need two of you kids on my team, okay?
Candace: Well, you can have Phineas and Ferb, Grandma. I'm not–
Suzy: But it's not fair, Candace. Our team has two girls and one boy, so you need to be on your grandma's team so it's fair. Cause it's not fair if it's two boys and one girl against two girls and one boy, so you have to skate, Candace, or else it won't be fair.
Phineas: Then it's you, Ferb, and Grandma! You'll make a great team!
Candace: B-But–
Jeremy: I guess it's set, then. We gotta do it for our grandmas. Right, Candace?
Candace: Yeah, (She chuckles) right.
Suzy: Psst. See ya on the track, chump!
Candace: Yeah, great. Hey, wait! There's nowhere to have a rollerskating derby, remember? The old derby track got torn down and turned into a tattoo parlor!
Phineas: Leave the rink to us!

(Perry put himself into a box, which the mailman picks up, and after some processing, and two plane trips, the box is placed in a mail chute, and arrives at Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Hmm. Uh, nice entrance, Agent P. But you do realize there's an elevator over there, right? Okay, just pointing it out. Doofenshmirtz is up to something. I want you to get out there and put a stop to it.
 Perry!

Candace: I can't be part of this race. I mean, what if we win? Would Jeremy still like me?
Stacy: All I know for sure is boys hate to be beaten by girls.
Clyde: There you are, hon. You know where your dad keeps his glue gun?
Candace: Glue gun? What are they up to? Later, Stace. I knew it! I just knew you would be up to something by now. Et tu, Grandpa?
Clyde: No, I just had one. There's more if you want.
Candace: Oh, just wait until Mom hears about this!
Betty Jo: Heads up!
(Betty Jo throws a helmet to Candace)
Candace: Oof!
Betty Jo: Lace 'em up tight, dearie! We've got a score to settle. Win! Win! Win! (She growls)
Phineas: Yeah.
Clyde: Ooh, yeah.
Doofenshmirtz: Will you cool it with the noise, Perry the Platypus? I've got a splitting headache. I was at this evil mixer until late last night, it was crazy. Can you hang out for just one moment? I'm almost there. Hold on. (Doofenshmirtz presses a button, and a cage falls on Perry) Ow! Oh, I've got to get a quieter trap. Now that you're trapped, I will tell you my evil plan. I'm miserable because I can't grow facial hair. It all started when I was about 15. (He begins to flashback, but then stops) Oh, you know, my head hurts too much for a flashback. Anyway, I've tried everything to grow facial hair. It's all so painful. I hate people with beards, et cetera, et cetera. So, who do they erect a statue of right next door? Rutherford B. Hayes, our 19th president! Only the president with the best facial hair of all! Just look at that thing. There's no beard like 19th century beard, Perry the Platypus. Anyway, that horrible statue must be destroyed as it is a constant reminder follicular failure! Oh. Give me just a moment, Perry. This hurts me more that it hurts you. Literally.

(Cut to the Roller Derby)
Betty Jo: ...And then on the final lap, we'll use The Whip to send the weak skater. (to Candace) No offense, honey, but that's you. Over to the finish line—To victory!
Stacy: All I know for sure is boys hate to be beaten by girls. (In Candace's fantasy)
(Hildegard sobs)
Jeremy: Candace! Have you no mercy?! Come on, Grandma. Let's go home.
(Candace's fantasy ends)
Betty Jo: And remember, honey, show 'em no mercy!
Candace: What am I going to do? I can't beat Jeremy's grandmother. And I can't let my grandmother lose.
(Suzy sneaks in and switches Candace's skates for another pair)
Phineas: (On intercom) Skaters to their marks!
Candace: Oh, great. Maybe I'll get lucky and get hit by a bus.
Phineas: (As an announcer) Hello, everyone, and welcome to today's main event. The "anything goes" grudge race of the century between Grandma Betty Jo and Grandma Hildegard. I'm Phineas Flynn, and I'll be your announcer for today's action, along with our color commentator, Grandpa Clyde!
Clyde: Yellow, green, blue!
Phineas: Excellent color, Grandpa.
Clyde: Glad to oblige.
Phineas: And now, let's rock and roll-erskate derby!
Hildegard: Remember kids, two words...
Candace: Oof!
Hildegard: ...road kill!
Betty Jo: Come on, honey! We've got butt to kick!
(Clyde fires off a starting pistol that simply launches a flag displaying the text "bang"; an air-horn blows)
Phineas: And they're off!

(Song: "Ring of Fun")
 When granny get's loose, everybody get out of the way
 (Round and round that ring of fun!)
 'Cause she's lacing her boots up at 4:00 A.M. everyday
 (Round and round that ring of fun!)
 Grudge match grannies who got nothing to lose
 Gray-haired lightning wearing knee pads and rouge
 Crusin' for a brusin', cause you know they got a real short fuse!
 That ring of fun!
 Round and round that ring of fun! (X2)
 Grudge Match Grannies in the midday sun
 Goin' round and round in that ring of fun!
Phineas and Clyde: (Smash their guitars) Yeah!

Phineas: And we're back! Grandpa?
Clyde: Orange, purple, chartreuse!

Doofenshmirtz: So, Perry the Platypus, in order to rid myself of that horrid, bearded statue, I've invented the... (He pushes Perry's cage but soon stops) Ugh. Perry the Platypus, this is so heavy. Can you just step out for a sec? I've invented the Bread-inator! Not only will this machine emit a ray that will turn Mr. President into whole-grain bread, it will also release a flock of hungry magpies that will devour the doughy statue! Beard go bye-bye! (He laughs maniacally) Ow, ow. Aw, my evil head.

Phineas: We're coming to the end of the race. The crowd is going nuts!
Betty Jo: Come on, Candace, time for The Whip!
Hildegard: Okay, one, two, three!
(Both teams preform the whip, send Candace and Jeremy towards the finish line)
Suzy: Go catch her, Jeremy!
Phineas: It's Candace and Jeremy neck and neck as they come down the strait.
Suzy: I don't think so.
(Suzy presses a button on a remote, and rockets send her flying backwards, up a set of stairs, and she bounces off a blimp, to land back with Jeremy)
Jeremy: Wow! Candace, you've got to teach me how to skate like that.
(Jeremy takes Candace's hand, and Suzy hits the button again, and both Candace and Jeremy are sent flying back)
Phineas: Oh, wait! Candace and Jeremy are back in the race, but they're going the wrong way! (Suzy begins to backpedal to avoid Candace and Jeremy) And now, Suzy is going the wrong way too! At least Ferb's still going the right way! (Ferb gets swept up by the Candace/Jeremy/Suzy rocket train going the other way) Oops, spoke too soon.
Betty Jo: And don't even think about any rough this time, sister, or I'll kick your fat–
(Betty Jo and Hildegard jump over the mass of people coming at them)
Phineas: And it's Betty Jo pulling away! It's Grandma Hildegard coming up on the shoulder! (Hildegard lands on Betty Jo's shoulders) And by "shoulder" I mean Betty Jo's shoulders!
Betty Jo: Get off of me! I can't see!
Phineas: It's Grandma Betty! It's Hildegard! It's Betty! It's Hildegard! It's a tie!
Clyde: A tie? Ooh. Betty Jo ain't gonna like that.
Betty Jo: Well, at least I won this race.
Hildegard: You won? You're crazy! I obviously crossed the finish line first!
Betty Jo: Wrong! And, get off, cheater!
Candace: Hey, Grandma, that was really fun! I thought it'd be lame and I'd hate it, but, I had fun.
Betty Jo: How about you, Hilda? Did you have fun?
Hildegard: Yeah, I did. Maybe it ain't so important who won but that we had fun with the kids.
Betty Jo: Yea, maybe it ain't important. But just for the record, I won.
Hildegard: You mean, even though you lost, it's having fun that's important.
Betty Jo: Who are you calling an loser, cheater?
Hildegard: Who are you calling a cheater, loser?
Betty Jo: That's it! Race ya to the Rutherford B. Hayes statue! Go!
(Everyone but Phineas, Ferb, Candace, and Jeremy dashes off)

Doofenshmirtz: (He sighs) Perry the Platypus...my head is killing me. This is all a wash anyway. I'll turn on the ray and you'll turn off the ray, thwarting my plan. Let's just get it over with, all right? Ray on.
(Doofenshmirtz fires the -inator, but the beam bounces off a mirror, two men were carrying)
(Perry turns off the -inator)
Doofenshmirtz: Ray off. Good.
 Perry!
Doofenshmirtz: I'm just going to lie down for a bit. I promise I'll be more evil next time, alright?
(The magpies are released)

Candace: All right, all right, we've had our kicks. But Mom's still gonna flip when she sees this. (A car door shuts) That's her car! You are so busted! (she skates into the house)
(The Bread-inator hits the roller rink, turning into a giant loaf of bread)
Candace: (coming out of the house) Mom, come on, come on! The boys built a giant roller rink in the backyard– uh...giant loaf of bread?
Phineas: (in the same intonation as "I don't know") Ah 'unno.
Candace: (skates back inside) Moooom Mom! The boys built a giant loaf of bread in the backyard!
Linda: (inside the house) What? I thought you said it was a roller rink.
(The magpies eat the bread)
Candace: It was, but now it's a loaf of bread! (skates back out) Come on, come on! See?! (stops to see that the bread is gone)
Linda: (comes out with Lawrence) Candace, what are you talking about?!
Candace: B-b-b...bread...
Linda: (at Phineas and Ferb) Boys, I think she's finally lost it.
Phineas: Hey, Dad. How'd your speech go?
Lawrence: Well, I have to say it was "thimbly" wonderful.
Phineas: Hey, what's this thing do?
(Phineas presses the button on Suzy's remote)
Candace: Wha–? (Candace is launched off)
Jeremy: Hey, guys. Candace around?
(Jeremy catches Candace as she rockets into his arms)
Ferb: Good catch, Jeremy.
Candace: (She giggles) He sure is.

(Scene opens up in a scary movie Phineas and Ferb are watching.)
Mad scientist: You know what we're going to do today, Talbo? It's time to test...THE TELEPORT! (Flips a switch, causing the teleports to activate. Talbo teleports to the one to the right, only get to singed.) Eureka! Now I can teleport myself anywhere in the world!
Talbo: Wouldn't you have to take one of those teleport things there first? Oh, but then you'd already be there. It kinda renders the whole thing redundant, doesn't it?
Mad scientist: Do you want me to remove your tongue again, Talbo?

(Shift to Phineas and Ferb watching the movie.)
Phineas: Cool! (turns off TV with the remote) I know what we can do today, Ferb. (chuckles while Ferb covers his mouth with his hands) No, not the tongue thing. The teleporter.
Linda: (off screen) Hey, boys.
(Linda crawls by.)
Phineas: Hey, Mom. Ferb and I are gonna build a teleport device.
Linda: (oblivious) Oh, great. I wish to teleport to where my earrings are. I've lost them.
Phineas: The dangly smoky topaz or the hoops?
Linda: Hoops.
Phineas: Oh, she must be wearing the blue dress. We'll keep an eye out for 'em. (at Ferb) Come on, Ferb. We're burnin' daylight.
(Montage of Phineas and Ferb building the teleports. Instrumental version of the theme song plays in the background.)
Phineas: Teleports completed! .... Hey, where's Perry?

(In Candace's room...)
Candace: (sniffs) (record scratch) Ew!
(Perry wakes up)
Candace (cont.): You're not supposed to be here.
(Perry chatters)
Candace (cont.): I told Phineas and Ferb to keep you outta my room. (kicks the bedroom door open as she's holding Perry) I'm gonna give them a piece of my mind.

(Downstairs...)
Candace: Mom! Do you know where Phineas and Ferb are?
Linda: They're in the garage, honey.
Candace: Oh, by the way, Jeremy's gonna be here soon. Please try not to embarrass me in front of him again.
Linda: What do you mean, again?
Candace: Remember my fifth-grade graduation with the inflatable–
Linda: Oh, that's right. My bad.

(In the garage...)
Phineas: This is a glorious day for mankind. Ready with the camera so we can document it?
(Ferb gets ready with the camera)
Phineas: Cheese!
(Candace runs in front of the lens right when Ferb takes the photo.)
Candace: How many times have I told you to keep Perry out of my room?! (notices the teleports) What are those?
Phineas: Teleports. Pretty cool, huh?
Candace: You guys are so bus – Aah! (trips on a controller, disappears through one teleport, and appears from the other)
Phineas: Cool, it worked. (suddenly looks concerned) Candace? Are you OK?

{Editor's Note: Until Perry and Candace switch back, this transcript refers Perry in Candace's body as Perry/Candace and Candace in Perry's body as Candace/Perry.}

Candace/Perry: (pointing at her brothers) Wait a second. How you guys get so big? (gasps) And why is my hand green? (takes a pink mirror from a nearby box) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!! I'M AN UGLY, SMELLY PLATYPUS!!! I'm a platypus! I'm a platypus! I'm a platypus! I'm a platypus!
Phineas: (talking over) Amazing. You and Perry going through the teleport at the same time must have switched your brains.
Candace/Perry: Oh, you think? You guys better change me back now or I'll... Wait...JEREMY'S GONNA BE HERE SOON!
Phineas: Not a problem, sis. We'll just put you both through the teleporter again. Hey, where's Perry? Uh, I-I mean Candace. I mean Perry in Candace's body?

(Perry/Candace chatters)
 Dooby-dooby doo
 Ba dooby-dooby doo
 Ba dooby-dooby doo

(In the backyard...)
Phineas: I wonder where he scampered off to. Any ideas, Ferb?
Isabella: What'cha dooooin'?
Phineas: Hey, Isabella. We built a teleportation device and accidentally switched Candace and Perry's brains.
Isabella: Really? That's so cool!
Candace/Perry: You wouldn't think it was so cool if you smelled like this.
Phineas: We're looking for Perry so we can switch them back to normal. Wanna help?
Isabella: You betcha.

(Perry/Candace slides down the tube to the lair, getting stuck some times before landing in his/her lair.)
Major Monogram: (off screen) Carl! How many times have I told you, lift the seat when you're done?!
(Monogram rises on his seat.)
Carl: (off screen) Sorry!
Major Monogram: Oh, there you... (Realizes what he saw) Uh-oh. Carl, I think we have a breach of security.
Carl: (off screen) What do you mean, sir?
Major Monogram: There's a teenage girl in here.
Carl: (pushes forward) A teenage girl?!
(A fedora lands on Perry/Candace's head.)
Major Monogram: Agent P, brilliant disguise!
Carl: Man! I thought it was a real girl. (walks away in disappointment)
(Perry/Candace looks at a panel under the monitor seeing his/her reflection and chatters in horror, then feels his/her face.)
Major Monogram: Now for your mission. Slushy the Clown statues have disappeared all over the Tri-State area. Without that clown, there's just nothing fun about lunch anymore.
Major Monogram: Carl and I have lunch at Mr. Slushy Burger every day.Pickles so green and meat so brown(Carl joins in)Lunchtime's fun with Slushy the ClownWe really miss that clown. (sniffles) So, ahem, drop whatever you're doing and find out what happened to those statues by lunchtime.

Stacy: Candace? Hey, Candace! Awesome scooter! Hey, wanna come to Slushy Burger with my mom and me? Was that a yes or a no?
Dr. Hirano: I don't know, but I like the hat.
Stacy: Yeah, it's a good look for her. (In the backyard...)

Candace/Perry: Come on, guys! Are you almost done? Jeremy's gonna be here soon.
Phineas: Ferb's printing up the last one now. Looks great, Ferb.
Candace/Perry: (reading from the flyer) "Lost platypus. Looks like a girl"? Why did you use that picture? I don't want anyone to see me like that!
Phineas: That's the only picture we had. (at Isabella) Good job, Isabella!
(The picture appears on the side of a giant blimp) Isabella: Glad I could help!
Candace/Perry: Aaaah! Now everyone will see that horrible picture!
Phineas: OK, Candace, just stay here while we post these around town. We'll find Perry in no time.

 Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated!

 Pickles so green and meat so brown
 Lunchtime--
Doofenshmirtz: (Ejecting a voice box) Not anymore!
(crash)
Doofenshmirtz: A teenage girl?
(Perry/Candace dons the fedora)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the teenage girl?!
(He pulls out a controller from his lab coat, pushes the button, and Perry/Candace is trapped in a platypus sized cage) Sorry about the tight fit, but, you know, if I knew you were going to disguise yourself as a teenage girl, I would've set a bigger trap. I'm suppose you're wondering why I have all these clowns, right? Well, you see, I've had that Slushy Burger jingle stuck in my head for, like, a week. You know, it goes like this.Pickles so green and meat so brown, Lunchtime's fun with Slushy the Clown!Oh, I hate that song so much, I've stolen all the clowns, and I'm going to rip their tape boxes out. You know, like you do.
I'm going to replace it with my own evil jingle. I just have to finish writing it. I'm having a hard time finding a good rhyme for "evil," though, you know. Believe me, I've tried. Keevil, deevil, feevil, weevil... You know, none of these are words.

Police Officer: You guys lost a platypus?
Phineas: Yep.
Police Officer: Officer 3323. Tell Charlie we have a 10-91-P. Yeah, it's a platypus. Looks like a girl. MIA. (at Phineas and Ferb) Don't worry, boys. After a nice lunch at Mr. Slushy Burger, the Tri-State area's finest will be on the job.
Phineas: By the way, our mom's also missing her earrings.
Police Officer: Which ones? The dangly topaz or the hoops?
Phineas: The hoops.
Police Officer: Oh, that's a shame. We'll get right on it.

Candace/Perry: Mom, you won't believe what Phineas and Ferb did!
Linda: What did they do this time?
Candace/Perry: All you have to do is look at me!
(doorbell rings)
Candace/Perry: If that's Jeremy, tell him... I'm getting ready. I don't want him to see me like this.
(doorbell rings again)
Linda: (looks up) OK, Candace, now what's so important? .... Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy: Hey, Mrs. Flynn. Is Candace here?
Linda: Oh, she's still getting ready. You know girls. Have a seat. While you wait, I'll make you a snack.
(sits on the couch, sees Candace/Perry underneath)
Jeremy: Oh, hey, Perry. Come up here. How's my favorite little platypus today?
Candace/Perry: Oh hee- hee- hee- hee I mean... (tries to imitate Perry's chatter)

Crowd: (reading the billboard) "Lost platypus. Looks like a girl." You know, that's insulting to the platypus. How are we supposed to tell if it's a girl?

Linda: Why don't you watch some TV while you wait? Oh, hey. I've got some great baby movies of Candace.
(baby cooing)
Linda: Ohh! There she is in the bathtub. (bubbles gurgle) Oops! Little bubbles.
Candace/Perry: (off screen) Mom! Remember what we talked about? My fifth-grade graduation?
Linda: Fifth-grade graduation? What is she talking about?
Candace/Perry: Ugh! (off screen) Just turn off the home movies!

Doofenshmirtz: Meevil, steevil, cleavil.... As soon as I get this done, lunchtime will never again be fun. Oh, great! There's a rhyme! There's a rhyme, but sure, everything rhymes with "fun." (Perry/Candace tries to hit him with a tail, and only waves her behind in his face)
.... Ha! You don't have a tail anymore. Now you are no match for me! But wait a minute. I-I-I can't hit a girl. Gets hit with Perry/Candace's shoulder bag)
Oof! Did you have that purse when you came in? .... Well, I'm out of here. .... (Speeds away, leaving a smoke statue, which dissipates, revealing Doofenshmirtz)
What just happened?

Linda: You're such a nice boy, Jeremy. I can why Candace built a shrine of you in her room. (laughs) Oopsy! I probably should've not said that. Thanks for feeding Perry while I look for my earrings.
Jeremy: Sure, no problem. .... What's in this platypus food, anyway?
Linda: Mostly worms and insect larvae. (Candace/Perry starts to barf then Linda puts her outside) Oh, Perry! Now I have to get the carpet cleaned again! Hey, maybe I lost my earrings while folding Candace's laundry. Why don't you help me look while you wait, Jeremy?
(Candace/Perry is locked out of the house in the backyard. She knocks on the door, and starts sweating milk)
Candace/Perry: Am I sweating milk?! Being a platypus is so gross!

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait! I can't-I can't fight when you're dressed as a girl. It's so...como se dice... awkward. .... Look! Shoes on sale! .... Curse you, Perry the teenager!
 Agent P!

(Perry/Candace returns with a Slushy the Clown statue back)
Male teen: Hey! The girl missing her platypus found Slushy the Clown.
Kids: Yay!

Candace/Perry: This is horrible! Mom is inside, ruining my love life!
(Perry/Candace chatters)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry!
Candace/Perry: Great. Change me back now!
(In the garage...)
Phineas: So this is how you went through the first time, right? You were holding Perry?
Candace/Perry: (Holding Perry/Candace) Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Hurry! Oh! He's a lot heavier now.
(Phineas activates the teleporter)
Phineas: I wonder if it worked.
(A short pause, then...)
Candace: (suddenly in busting mode) You guys are so busted, I'm telling Mom! (she leaves)
Ferb: You might consider bathing first.

Doofenshmirtz: I gotta get out of this! (Hits a button on the panel of a machine, it fires) Gah! Oh, dear. My old Shrinkinator. (sighs) I suppose I should've unplugged it before I turned it into a planter.

(in the garage...)
Candace: (comes into the garage with an evil look on her face) Come on, Mom, hurry up! (at Phineas and Ferb) You're busted!
(The ray from the Shrinkinator hits the teleporter.)
Candace: (With her eyes closed) See?! see?! It's right there!!
Linda: (enters, wearing the blue dressed as mentioned earlier; smiles) Oh, my goodness. (Candace gets a shocked expression on her face; reveals the teleports have been shrunken by the Shrinkinator.)
Linda: Did you make these?
Phineas: (confused) Uh... yeah.
Linda: (gasps; tries them on) These are so much nicer than the ones I lost!
(A fly buzzes in one loop and gets zapped out the other by Linda's new "earrings".)
Phineas: Awesome!
Linda: (offscreen) Thanks, boys.
Candace: (jaw drops)
Linda: (at Candace, closing her mouth) Close your mouth, honey. You'll catch flies.
(Candace scowls as Linda walks out.)

Part I
Linda: So you really don't know what day it is?
Lawrence: I told you, it's Thursday.
Linda: It is more than just another Thursday, Lawrence.
Lawrence: Then it must be...the day I realized how cute you are when you're angry? (Phineas and Ferb stare at each other)
Linda: I'm going to get my hair done. I'll be back at 2. Maybe you can figure it out before I get home.
Lawrence: Oh, I wonder what all the fuss is about.
Candace: Ahem.
Lawrence: Huh?
Candace: June 15th. It's your wedding anniversary!
Lawrence: Ooh! Egads! Wait, wait! I can fix this!
Phineas: Gee, Candace, isn't this a lot of fuss to make over a date?
Candace: Are you kidding? Anniversaries are very important. Take June, for example. On the 3rd, Jeremy spoke to me for the first time back in the 7th grade. May 6th, he brushed up against me in the hall. Oh, and April 3rd - that's the day he laughed so hard, milk came out of his nose! (laughs) He looked so cute.
Phineas: Hey, Dad, can we help?
Lawrence: Well, I'm afraid not, unless you can perform miracles.
Phineas: What's your budget?
Lawrence: Tell, me boys, what would you get a special woman on her anniversary?
Candace: Oh, please! Asking two boys for romantic advice? Now that's just pathetic. Don't you and Mom have any cherished memories?
Lawrence: Oh, yes. I've got just the thing in here. (begins rummaging around in his toolbox)
Candace: (at Phineas and Ferb, under her breath) He keeps his treasured memories in a toolbox.
Lawrence: Your mother's favorite band. Love Händel.

(Flashback to Linda and Lawrence in the crowd in a huge stadium, looking much younger and wearing very 90's clothing.)
(rock ballad)
Lawrence: (voice over) I bought us tickets to their farewell concert. Oh, we were a handsome, stylish couple back in those days.
Danny: So which lucky couple out there will be caught in our flamin' hot spotlight of love?
(The spotlight hits Linda and Lawrence, who both look surprised.)
Lawrence: (voice over) I'd never so much as held your mother's hand, but that night, I made my move.
Danny: Well, don't just stand there, man. Kiss her. (Lawrence looks up at Danny, still confused, but Linda kisses him. The crowd cheers.)
Danny:You snuck your way right into my heart
(End flashback...)
Lawrence: Truly that was an evening I will never, ever forget.
Candace: But you did forget, didn't ya?
Lawrence: (groans) But Love Händel broke up years ago. Some things can never be recaptured.
Phineas: That's it! I know what we're gonna do today. We're gonna make it their best anniversary ever. Hey, where's Perry?

(Perry enters his lair and puts on his fedora.)
Major Monogram: Ah, there you are, Agent P. We've learned some alarming information. Several suspicious items have been purchased by the Doofenshmirtz Corporation. They include: an industrial-grade air compressor, 20 canisters of helium oxide and 400 pounds of fireworks. Get right on it.
 Perry!

(Back at home, the boys are watching a documentary on Love Händel.)
Narrator: (over a rock ballad) For a moment, their ballad, "Snuck Your Way Into My Heart", snuck its way to number one and stayed there for 11 consecutive minutes. But whatever happened to Love Händel? The band was riding high, but tastes were changing, and Love Händel found itself playing smaller and smaller venues. Pressures from a dwindling fan base caused in-fighting among the band members. Lines were drawn. Then lines were crossed. Eventually the lines were erased, and the piece of paper crumpled up and thrown away, and Love Händel was no more. Years later, Love Händel's music continues to warm the hearts of an appreciative public. Bass player Bobbi Fabulous now runs a trendy hair salon, drummer Swampy works quietly at the public library, and only lead singer Danny is still a player in the music industry. (The screen shows a picture of Danny's Music Shop.)
Candace: I've seen that sign. It's down on Main Street.
Phineas: We'll get him to sing for Mom! Ready, team? (holds out his hand)
Candace: Team? Oh, no, I am not getting involved in one of your crazy schemes.
Phineas: Come on, Candace. For true love? (Blinks at her pleadingly)
Candace: Ugh!
(She puts her hand on top of Phineas' anyway.)
Phineas: Candace, you keep Mom away from the house. We'll go get Danny.

(Lawrence is searching for a short notice solution to his anniversary problem in the phone book.)
Lawrence: Ooh. "Love on the Run. Romantic solutions for every occasion."
Phineas: (overlapping) Hey, Dad, we're gonna throw a rock concert in the backyard, okay?
Lawrence: Yes. Well, be careful.
Phineas: Come on, Ferb.

Candace: (cell phone rings) Oh, hey, Stacy. I can't talk right now. My brothers and I are reforming Love Händel for a concert in our backyard.
Stacy: Love Händel? That's my mother's favorite band! (phone beeps) Hey, Mom, did you know Love Händel is reforming?
Dr. Hirano: Love Händel? (expands to numerous people talking) Love Händel? Love Händel? Love Händel?

 Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage!
(Perry's theme is playing, rock-style, until he lands his jetpack and sees what Doofenshmirtz is doing. Rather than something evil, he is hanging a large sign reading "Happy Birthday, Vanessa!" A record needle scratches.)
Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Perry the Platypus. Quick, could you hand me that staple gun right over there? Thank you. Ahh... So what do you think? It's for my daughter Vanessa's birthday. I try to throw her a party every year. (He pulls out a roll of pictures, each with an unhappy Vanessa at an excessively girly party.) I know we usually go about our daily battle of good versus evil, but instead, could you maybe help me set up the party for my little girl? Please?
(A montage of Doofenshmirtz and Perry setting up for the party plays to a bouncy song.)

Phineas: Danny's Music Shop. Ferb, this looks like the place.
Danny: ( strumming) No. No. No. No. No. This is a rock-'n'-roll guitar for rock-'n'-roll music.
Customer: Whatever.
Danny: Okay, run. The power of rock too scary for you, I see.
Phineas: Uh, you must be Danny of Love Händel, right?
Danny: Always an honor to be recognized by my fans. Hey, aren't you a little young to be fans of Love Händel?
Phineas: Yes, we are, but our parents aren't. Don't you think you were a little tough on that guy?
Danny: Oh, he'll be back... when the spirit calls him!
Phineas: Wow, you sure are passionate about rock-'n'-roll.
Danny: Well, it's only my life. Sit down, I'll tell you a little story.

(Song: "History of Rock")
(Blues)
 When I was a boy, down in South Illinois,
 I heard a man playing blues, oh, what a wonderful noise,
 He had an old guitar, but not a dollar to his name,
 Making music so sad, but he was happy just the same,
 He gave me a wink, and said: "Son, let me share the news,
 If you want a happy life, you gotta learn to sing the blues!"

(50s "Boogie-Woogie")
 I asked my daddy for a guitar,
 Oh, I begged and I plead,
 I said I wanted to play the blues, and he just nodded his head,
 Daddy said when he was my age,
 "Boogie-Woogie" was the thing,
Phineas:Just take the blues, throw out your hip, and add a little swing!
Danny:Ah, music has the power, that without it, he'd a-sworn
 That he'd a never met my mom and I'd a-never been born

(Psychedelic guitar solo)
Phineas: So what's this?
Danny: This is Psychedelia. It's where the guitar solo came from.
Phineas: No, I mean what's with all the colors?
(Music suddenly stops)
Danny: I have no idea.

(Funk)
 Ha!
 I kept learning
 All the powers my guitar had
 I made it go "walka-walka"
 'Till it was so good it was bad
Phineas:Just make a face, and stomp that bass,
 You can make that rhythm bump
 But this is just the blues, but in a way that makes you wanna shake your rump!
Danny:I can make you clap your hands
(Clap, Clap)
 I can make you get up and dance
 If you wanna shake your booty, my friend,
 You gotta give the funk a chance!

(Metal/Rock)
 Metal!
 Pound your fist in the air!
 Metal!
 Bang your head full of hair!
 It's crunchy, and it's nasty, full of bad attitude,
Phineas:Your parents will think you're crazy, your neighbors will think you're rude
Danny:Believe it or not, it's all the blues again;
 You just add a little fuzz and turn your amp up to 10!
 Music has the power to change your life,
 Forever!
(Guitar solo)
 Shuh!
(Applause)

Thank you, thank you.

Phineas: You know, our parents fell in love at one of your concerts.
Danny: See? Music does change lives.
Phineas: Well, how'd you like to sing for our parents' wedding anniversary?
Danny: That'd be righteous, dude, but good luck getting the other guys.
Phineas: Who can resist the power of rock-'n'-roll?
Danny: Love Händel reunion. Rock on, little dudes.
Customer: The spirit of rock'n'roll has called out to me!
Danny: I knew it. That'll be $1,800.

(Back at the Flynn-Fletcher residence, the "Love on the Run" van has pulled up at the curb.)
Lawrence: Oh, thank goodness you're here.
Love On the Run Driver: Love On the Run at your service, my friend. So, what did you forget today?
Lawrence: (inhales) Anniversary.
Love On the Run Driver: Ooh, the big one.
Love On the Run Performer:It's your anniversary...oh, yeah, your anniversary...
Love On the Run Driver: That's your Love-O-Gram. I'll get the rest of your stuff out of the truck.

(Doofenshmirtz and Perry have just finished decorating for Vanessa's party.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, that was exhausting. Ah. I have one last surprise for our lovely guest. This will be the grand finale of Vanessa's party - the world's largest firecracker! All we need now is a victim to be tied to the rocket so they'll explode up in the sky in a grand display! So, here's the awkward part. Uh... (camera pans over to the firecracker, which Doofenshmirtz has tied Perry to) And when I say "awkward," I mean for you, not so much for me.

(Linda is at the hair salon of - who else? - Bobbi Fabulous.)
Linda: So I wonder what new look Bobbi has envisioned for me this time. You know, he was in my favorite band - Love Händel.
Candace: Love Händel?
Linda: He doesn't like anyone to talk about it, though...
(Candace's phone rings. It's Phineas.)
Linda: ...so don't bring it up.
Candace: Uh, I gotta take this. (whispers) How's it going?
Phineas: We got Danny. Now we're gonna convince Bobbi Fabulous. And if we can't, well, Ferb's got a backup plan.
Candace: Wait. Bobbi Fabulous is Mom's hairdresser. Where are you right now?
Phineas: Walking in the front door of Bobbi's salon-(realizes) Oh.
Candace: You doofuses! Mom's gonna see you and wonder what you're up to!
Phineas: You gotta keep Mom distracted while we talk to Bobbi.
Candace: Say, Mom, maybe we should get you ready for Bobbi.
Linda: Candace, what are you doing?
Candace: You look like you need some conditioner!
Linda: Candace!
Candace: Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up!

Fabiana: Do you have an appointment?
Phineas: Uh, no. We're here to see Bobbi. You know, the bass player from the band Love Händel.
(all gasp) (muffled shouting)
I'm fabulous
Bobbi: Fabiana, who are these little people?
Fabiana: I don't know, sir.
Bobbi: You're a mess. And you... Feudal Europe is so last month.
Phineas: We're trying to get Love Händel back together.
Bobbi: Oh, for heaven's sake, talk to the hand.
Bobbi's Hand: Secretly I'm very lonely.
Phineas: You see, the first time my dad kissed my mom was at a Love Händel concert. And it's their anniversary-
Bobbi: B to the O-R-I-N-G.
Phineas: Not yet, Ferb.
Bobbi: Anyway, you don't need me. I just play bass in the background. Nobody even remembers me.
Phineas: Are you kidding?

(Song:"Fabulous")
Phineas:I don't need to tell you what you already know,
 You're the one with style, you're the whole darn show.
 The other guys play their instruments fine,
 But next to you, their looks are a crime.
Linda: Candace!
Candace: Hot towel!

Bobbi:Well, they say true beauty, it comes from within,
 But you have to be comfortable in your own skin.
 So I exfoliate with this exotic cream,
 Just look at me: I look like a dream!
(Camera shutters)
Phineas: You have to admit, he looks pretty darn good.

Linda: Candace, what is going on?
Candace: Dry cycle!

Chorus:You're the one, yes, you're the star
 We need you back on bass guitar
 You're fabulous, (I'm fabulous!)
 You're fabulous, (I'm fabulous!)
 You're the one we all can see,
 It's all about you, (It's all about me!)
 You're fabulous, (I'm fabulous!)
 You're fabulous, (I'm fabulous!)

Bobbi:You know, no two people are like each other,
 So don't be a lookalike copying another,
 Unless, of course, you're copying me,
 'Cause that gives you individuality!

Phineas:Nice 'do! But back to the matter at hand.
 So what do you say, are you back in the band?
Bobbi:Well, maybe if I can find my old leather.
Phineas:Dude, we're getting the band back together!

Chorus:You're the one who sets the bar,
 The Hairdo King, the Fashion Czar,
 You're fabulous (I'm fabulous!)
 You're fabulous (Oh, I'm fabulous.)
 You're the one we all can see
 It's all about you, (It's all about me!)
 You're fabulous, (I'm fabulous!)
 You're fabulous, (I'm fabulous!)

Ferb: May we take that as a yes?

Part II
(At the Danville Library)
Phineas: (on his phone) Hello? Isabella?
Isabella: Hey, Phineas. What's up?
Phineas: Guess what band's getting back together.
Isabella: Love Händel?
Phineas: Uh, yeah. How'd you know?
Isabella: It was the lead story on the 5:00 news. Let me guess. You guys need a stage, right?
Phineas: Yeah. Can you help us out?
Isabella: We're already on it.

Phineas: Who would have thought that a drummer from a rock-'n'-roll band would end up in a place so quiet? Say, could it be?

Phineas: Pardon me. Would your name be Swampy, ex-drummer for the band Love Händel?
Sherman: That, my friend, was a past life. The name's Sherman. Why you asking?
Phineas: Because they're reforming for one night only. It's a celebration of our parents' anniversary.
Sherman: Well, that sounds charming, boys, but I haven't played drums since the accident. Fell asleep in a metronome factory. When I awoke, I had completely lost my sense of rhythm. I've been hanging out here ever since.

(Song: "Ain't Got Rhythm")
Phineas:So you're saying that you don't have rhythm
 But listen what you're doing right there
 With that stamp and a book
 You've got a real nice hook
 Sounds to me like you've got rhythm to spare

Sherman:I have no idea what you're talking about
 I've got as much rhythm as that chair
 What happened to me was a tragedy
 But I don't have to be a millionaire

 Look, I got a sweet deal going on here
 I got all the books that I can read
 All these sweet old ladies and this carpet from the 80's
 What more could a librarian need?

Woman: Shh!

Sherman:Besides, I ain't got rhythm
 No, I ain't got rhythm
 Said I ain't got rhythm
 I ain't got rhythm

Phineas:You're kidding me right, y-you're kidding me
 Don't you see what you were doing right then?
 That's a wicked groove you were starting to move
 Mister, you've got rhythm times ten

Sherman:I think perhaps that you're not listening
 I find it tedious to repeat
 It's no big crime,
 I just can't keep time
 I'm telling you I lost the beat

 I don't need my face on T-shirts
 Or hit a power-chord guitar
 They were screaming my name
 I guess it's a shame
 But I don't need to be a rock star

 Besides, I ain't got rhythm
 No, I ain't got rhythm
 Said I ain't got rhythm
 I ain't got rhythm
 I ain't got rhythm

Phineas:Sounds like rhythm to me
Sherman:No, I ain't got rhythm

Phineas:Seems like they all agree
Sherman:Said I ain't got rhythm
Phineas:But you're laying down some funky syncopation!

Sherman:I ain't got rhythm
Phineas:But you got that beat
Sherman:No, I ain't got rhythm
Phineas:Look at them, they're stomping their feet
Sherman:Said I ain't got rhythm
Phineas:It's time for you to rock a brand new generation
Library patrons:Brand new generation
Phineas, Sherman:Gonna rock a brand new generation
Sherman:Because I ain't got rhythm!

Woman: Ugh! Would you just go join the band?

Library patrons:Ain't got rhythm
 Ain't got rhythm
 Ain't got rhythm
 Ain't got rhythm

Sherman:Hey, I do have rhythm!

(In the women's dressing room at a department store)
Candace: No, that's not it.
Linda: I don't know why you're making me do this, Candace. I mean, when do I ever dress this fancy anyways?
Employee: So how you ladies doing in here?
Candace: Great, but we need to keep looking.
Linda: Oh!
Employee: Well, we certainly have plenty of dresses for you to try on.
Candace: And we have plenty of time.
Linda: (groans) Candace!

(At the Flynn-Fletcher home)
Lawrence: OK, now let's see. "Lead the way for the lovely lady with an elegant wave of your hand. "For you and only you, insert your name here..." Oh, thanks for the light. Hey! No, no, wait! No, no, help me put it out! Do something!
Love On the Run Performer: (groans) Well, that hardly ever happens.
Lawrence: Oh, well, so much for that. I guess it's not a total loss. I mean, this is still presentable, right?
Love On the Run Performer: Eh.
Phineas: Hey, Dad, we're back.
Love On the Run Performer:So I hear it's your anni--
Lawrence: Oh, please, please, stop.
Love On the Run Performer: Nobody ever lets me finish my number. That's it. Call me when my ride's here.
Phineas: There's lasagna in the fridge.
Love On the Run Performer: Thank you.
Lawrence: Oh, boys, it's really hopeless.
Phineas: Fear not, Daddy-O. We got you covered. (at Ferb) Hit it, Ferb.
Lawrence: Love Händel?!

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Doofenshmirtz: Surprise, baby girl! Happy sweet 16th birthday, my little Vanessa!
Vanessa: Oh! Not again!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, come on in, come on in. Check the place out. I decorated it all myself. Well, mostly. Wait till you see this. Wait right there.
Vanessa: Please stop.
Doofenshmirtz: And now, without further adieu, the grand finale!
Vaness: What, a big firecracker?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, no. Perry the Platypus tied to a big firecracker. Together we will launch our nemesis into the sky!
Vanessa: You mean your nemesis!
Doofenshmirtz: I took the liberty of going through your address book and inviting all your little friends, including a nice fella named Johnny. He had hearts by his name. I think I know what that means.
Vanessa: You did what? I don't want them to see this! I'm a teenager. This... this is for a little girl. Don't you know me at all?

(Inside the garage at the Flynn-Fletcher home)
Danny: I have to admit, I never thought I'd wear this stuff again.
Bobbi: (holding up Sherman's old outfit) Ooh, look.
Sherman: Hey sorry, folks. Not gonna happen.
Danny: Dude, is that the cake from the trash?
Sherman: What? You can't let good cake go to waste.
Bobbi: Looks like it all went to waste to me.
Sherman: Watch it, Mr. Tease and Curl.
Bobbi: This is exactly the kind of slovenly behavior that ruined Love Händel.
Sherman: No, it was infighting due to pressure from a dwindling fan base.
Danny: What are you talking about?
Sherman: It was in that special.
Bobbi: You saw that too? Did I look fat? I thought I looked fat.
Danny: That's it. This is ridiculous. I'm out of here.
Phineas: No, wait. You can't go. Mom's not back. What about your fans?
Danny: Phineas, I admire your optimism, but besides your dad, be honest. What fans?
(Garage door opens revealing a crowd of people in the driveway)
Danny: (crowd cheering) Whoa.

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Doofenshmirtz: She doesn't like the party. I can't believe I failed again. Well, at least I can watch you explode. Hey, that's not fair! Well, then have a taste of my ray gun, Perry the Platypus! Take that! And that! (at Vanessa) Help me, Vanessa! (at Perry) Stay still, you obnoxious - Aah! Perry the Platypus, wait - My hand is stuck in here. Hold on. Hold on. Wait, wait, don't go anywhere.

(At the Flynn-Fletcher home)
Danny: (crowd cheering) Sorry, Phineas, my friend, but we gotta go on now, or we're gonna have a serious fashion metal riot on our hands.
Lawrence: No, no, you can't start without Linda. Oh, what?
Phineas: Look, it's Mom!
Linda: What are all these people doing on our street? Hey! Candace. Honey, what's going on here?
Phineas: Come on, Dad.

Danny: All right, boys, let's blow the roof off this place.
Doofenshmirtz: No! It's going to blow the roof off this place!
Danny: One, two, three, four!

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Doofenshmirtz: ( rock ballad) Aah!

(In the driveway at the Flynn-Fletcher home)
Lawrence: Linda! Linda, darling.

(Song:" You Snuck Your Way Right Into My Heart")
Danny:I should have known
 From how I felt when we were together
Lawrence: Linda, where are you?
Danny:And even more when we were apart
Linda: Is that Love Händel?!
Danny:You tiptoed in
 And you got under my skin
 You snuck your way right into my heart

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Vanessa: (gasps) Wow.
Johnny: Whoa, this is, like, the coolest-looking party ever. Hey, Vanessa. Did you do all this yourself?
Vanessa: Well, actually, my dad put it together... with some help from Perry the Platypus. (at Perry) Thank you, Perry the Platypus!

(In the driveway at the Flynn-Fletcher home)
Linda: (crowd cheering) Did you do all this for me?
Lawrence: Well, I had a little help.
Phineas: (He and Candace fist bump) Prepare for live feed to screen, and wipe to source.
Danny:I've put up barriers
 To shield my emotions
 A wall that you could never break apart
 But like a ninja of love
 Rappelling down from above
 You snuck your way right into my heart!
Love On the Run Performer: ...My heart!
Love On the Run Driver: That's my mom.
Danny:Oh, yeah
Ferb: Well, don't just stand there. Kiss her!
Lawrence: Happy anniversary, darling. (The crowd cheers. Candace brings Phineas closer to her)
Danny:Come on, everybody, let me hear ya!
Crowd: Nah Na Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Nah
Danny: Yeah!

(At Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Self Storage)
Johnny: Hey, Vanessa, is that your dad up on the rocket?
Vanessa: He'll be okay. He blows up all the time.
Johnny: Well, he sure did a cool job with this party.
Vanessa: Yeah. Yeah, I guess he did. Thanks, Dad. You finally got one right.

Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Plat-- Wait, is that Love Händel?
( guitar)
Doofenshmirtz: Aaah! (thud)
Danny: Goodnight, Tri-State Area!

(Episode opens up in a TV in the dining room of the Flynn-Fletcher house. On the TV, there is a commercial which is on the stage. A kid is featured.)
Kid: (off-key)I met my love in a --
(gets hit by a huge boxing glove) OW!
Phil: Oh, boy! Did that kid stink or what? But maybe YOU'VE got what it takes to be: The Next Super American Pop Teen Idol Star! Auditions open today at the Googolplex Mall in beautiful downtown Danville.
(Zooms out to the dining room while he's speaks)
Candace: Auditions! Today?!
Phil: Yes, today! At two o'clock sharp.
Candace: (Grabs the TV and kisses it) I gotta tell Stacy! (Runs, bringing the TV with her and falls)
Phineas: That pop star stuff might be fun at first, but then you'd be stuck with a dead end job. Too bad you can't just do it once and move on.
Linda: Well, what you're talking about is a one-hit wonder.
Phineas: One-hit wonder? What's that?
Linda: Well, a musical act goes to the top of the charts with a catchy tune and meaningless lyrics.

(Song: "I'm Lindana and I Wanna Have Fun!")
Singers:She's Lindana!
Lindana:I'm Lindana and I wanna have fun!l
Singers:She wants to have fun
Lindana:I'm Lindana and I wanna have fun!
Singers:She's Lindana
Lindana:I'm Lindana and I wanna have fun!
Singers:She wants to have fun
Lindana:I wanna, wanna, wanna have
Singers and Lindana: Fun fun fun!

(In the middle of the song)

Linda: (voiceover) Then they throw a big diva tantrum, lose their label, then fade to obscurity. Before they know it, their song ends up as: elevator music. Years later, they have a reunion concert... and after that, they never sing again. And no one... remembers them. (stares off into space, but quickly turns back to Phineas and Ferb) Not that I would know anything about that.
Phineas: (writing) A one-hit wonder... (Shows checklist, listing in order: Hit record, Diva tantrum, Elevator music, Reunion tour) Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today.
(Ferb strums a guitar.)

(In Candace's room)
Candace: But Stacy, what am I going to sing?
Stacy: Hello, what are you gonna wear?
Candace: Hmmm... (In a montage, it cuts to her wearing a blue gown.) What do you think?
Stacy: Too much. (Candace wears a bikini; now offscreen.) Too little. (Candace wears a pinafore.) Ugh, too clean. (Candace wears torn cords and a hippie t-shirt.) Too dirty. (Candace wears a street clothing.) Too street. (Candace wears a goth suit.) Too goth. Where'd you get that?
(Candace wears a Lindana costume.)
Candace: (wearing a Lindana costume) My mom's closet. You like it?
Stacy: Nah, too retro.
(Candace tries more other outfits: a construction uniform, indian clothes, cowgirl duds, biking clothes, a sailor suit, a gorilla costume, a spacesuit, a clown costume, and finally ends up with her trademark clothing.)
Stacy: Perfect!
Candace: Nice, huh?
Stacy: Yeah, you should've tried that on first.
Candace: Let's go!

(They pass by Phineas and Ferb in their bedroom; Phineas is on the floor writing.)
Phineas: "Chika, chika, choo...wah". Meaningless lyrics done. (To Ferb) How's the catchy tune coming along? (Ferb presses a key on the computer keyboard, producing a piano sound in the key of D.) Excellent! We'll be done by lunch! Hey, where'd Perry go?
(In the bathroom, Perry flushes himself in the toilet and then swims over his headquarters.)

(In Agent P's liar...)
Major Monogram: Hello? Hello-oo? Anybody there? (Perry crashes down, full of water) Oh, good morning Agent P. We just received word that Dr. Doofenshmirtz has been buying up construction toys at an alarming rate. We need you to find out what he's up to and put a stop to it.
(Perry salutes and leaves with his scooter, and stops at the red light. Linda's car stops beside him, and she glances; then when she realized it, Perry puts a pair of Groucho glasses on and Linda just shrugs. The green light then appears and he zooms away.)

 (Perry)!

(At the mall)
Linda: We'll meet back in the entrance in an hour.

(Inside...)
Candace: Come on, Stacy! We gotta hurry so we could get a spot in li -- yayaya. (realized the line's too long) I've never sang in front of so many people!
Stacy: Uh, Candace? (shows her a LOT more people in the audience)
Candace: (gasps) I can't do this.
Stacy: Oh yes, you can! You're not a quitter; you're a fighter!
Candace: I am?
Stacy: Sure you are! You're a lean, mean, singing machine! (Candace growls and punches the purse as in boxing.) That's it, yeah! Now you're looking like a winner!
(Candace looks like a worn out tiger and drools. Jeremy walks by.)
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: (arranges herself) And that is what a gorilla looks like when you try to take away its food. Oh! Hi, Jeremy! Are you auditioning too?
Jeremy: Nah. I came to see this hot new band called PFT. I downloaded their song this morning. It's tight! The hundredth contestant gets to sing onstage with the band!
Candace: Really? (She walks through the entrance and becomes the 100th contestant.)
Jeremy: Hey, looks like that's you.
Phil: Congratulations! You're the hundredth contestant! (Pulls her away and puts her onstage; over speaker) Ladies and gentlemen, this young lady has the honor of singing onstage with PFT. So now, the band you've been waiting for: Phineas and the Ferb-Tones!
(Phineas and Ferb are revealed.)
(Song: "Gitchee Gitchee Goo")
Candace: Phineas?!
Phineas: Candace? You're the hundredth contestant? How serendipitous. This'll be like a brother and sister thing! Now I'm assuming you've heard our hit single. I mean, who hasn't, right? It's a big hit. (gives her sheet music) So here's the words; don't worry if you get lost. The lyrics are meaningless anyway. I'll point when it's your turn. (He steps forward as Candace stares.) Ladies and gentlemen, the Ferbettes! I'm Phineas and this is Ferb, and we're gonna sing a song!
 Bow, Chicka, Bow-Wow!
Ferbettes:That's what my baby says!
Phineas:Mow-mow-mow!
Ferbettes:And my heart starts pumping!
Phineas: Chicka-Chicka, Choo Wah!
Phineas/Ferbettes:Never gonna stop!
All: Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you!
Phineas:I said a Bow, Chicka, Bow-Wow!
FerbettesThat's what my baby says!
Phineas:Mow-mow-mow!
Ferbettes:And my heart starts pumping!
Phineas:Chicka-Chicka, Choo Wah!
Ferbettes:Never gonna stop!
All:Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you!
Phineas:I said a Bow, Chika, Bow-Wow!(The music abruptly stops.) Candace!
(Candace looks at her music before throwing it aside.)
Candace: Wait a minute! What are you doing?
Phineas: I'm cuing you?
Candace: How'd you get a hit single?!
Phineas: Well, it wasn't easy. It took most of the morning and half a dozen phone calls. But if you're willing to put in the work-
Candace: That's it! I'm gonna tell Mom!
Phineas: Okay...tell her what?
Candace: (pauses) Ooh, I'm just gonna tell. (She walks offstage)
Phineas/Ferbettes:Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you!

(Linda is in a store.)
Candace: Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom, you've gotta see this!
Linda: (with disdain) Let me guess. Is it unbelieva- (Candace pushes her) WOOAH!
Candace: Come on, come on, come on!

(Backstage...)
Ben Baxter: Hi, I'm Ben Baxter, Huge-O-Records. Why don't you come by my office in an hour and we can talk about your future.
Phineas: Future? Cool. He must be a psychic.

(Back to Candace and Linda.)
Candace: Come on, come on, come on! (They arrive at the stage; she presents a shadow that appears to be Phineas and Ferb's heads.) See?! There they are onstage!!
Phil: (voiceover) Ladies and gentlemen, once again... (Spotlight lights up.) Marty the Rabbit Boy and His Musical Blender!
(Marty the Rabbit Boy performs)
Linda: Hon, we're getting you an eye exam. (pulls her away)
Candace: No, no! Wait!

(Agent P is still driving)
 Perry!

 Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.!
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha, everything is ready! (doorbell rings) Oh, what is it now? (opens the door and saw the disguised Perry) Oh, are you my new temp? Well, let me just get you up to speed. I know it's bit of a mess. I'm just putting the finishing touches of my latest maniacal plan. You see, in a few minutes, I will unleash an unprecedented reign of terror upon the entire... (holds a magnifying glass on the eastern coast of the U.S.) ...Tri-State Area! And Perry the Platypus will never be the wiser. (Perry removes the Groucho glasses) Perry the Platypus? You're a temp? Are times that hard?

(Candace exits the mall wearing glasses.)
Candace: Ugh! I told Mom I don't need glasses! (takes off glasses) What the-- (A PFT bus drives away) Uh, No! No! Wait! Uggggg... (Candace stops. She turns around, notices a PFT poster on a building and smiles) MMMMMOOOOM?!?

(Camera pans from the building to...)
 Doofenshmirtz Evil Incor--

Doofenshmirtz: Sorry, Perry the Platypus, but you are too late!
(pushes a lever that makes the building alive as a robot)

(Linda is still in a store.)
Linda: (wearing a jacket) Ooh, this one's nice.
Candace: Mom! Come here! You've gotta see this!
(drags her out, setting off the shoplifting alarm)
Linda: Candace! I haven't payed for this yet!
Guard: Hey!

(The giant building robot wreaks havoc over Danville)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha ha ha! When it comes to havoc, nobody wreaks like me! (Perry removes a metal cover of a storage) Wait, wait, wait, you're not supposed to touch that! (Perry removes a wire) Hey, hey, no fair!
(The robot almost steps over the building, but turns around)

(The PFT bus passes by)
Isabella: Wow, what a great painting! How did you get permission for that?
Phineas: Oh, they didn't mind. The building's scheduled for demolition.
(A man presses the lever of a dynamite block. The building gets demolished just as Candace drags her mom out.)
Candace: Seeeeeee??!! (Linda does not answer. Candace turns and sees no building.) AAAAHHHH!!
Guard: Uh, ma'am, you're gonna have to come back and pay for that.
Linda: (flatly) Yes of course, officer.
Candace: AAAAHHHH!!
Guard: Hey, weren't you Lindana?
Linda: Yes, I was! I can't believe you recognized me.
Guard: Well, I was a huge fan. (pauses, serious) You still have to pay for the jacket.
Linda: (flatly) I know.

(Cut back to the robot)
Doofenshmirtz: Very clever, Perry the Platypus. I tried to ignore you, but you forced my hand. (Pushes a button and traps Perry) And now...I shall relax with a nice, tasty deli platter. Oh-ho-ho, where are my manners? (Gives Perry his share) Here you go, Perry the Platypus. Care for some pepper? Just say when. (Continues to pour pepper) Anytime.

(At Huge-O-Records...)
Ben: (from inside) Boys, let me start by saying we love your act and we want to be... (cuts to the boardroom) ...in the Phineas and the Ferb-Tones business. And by the way, aren't you a little young to be pop stars?
(Pause)
Phineas: ...No.
(Another pause)
Ben: Well, okay then! We prepared to offer you a very lucrative contract if you'll just sign exclusively with us for your follow-up single.
Phineas: (suddenly angry) Follow-up single? Who do you think we are, some two-bit hacks who will keep writing new songs just because you pay us obscene amounts of cash?! (rips up the contract) Phineas and the Ferb-Tones are strictly a one-hit wonder! (The band enters the elevator) Good day to you, sir!

(In the elevator, "Gitchee Gitchee Goo" plays as elevator music.)
Phineas: Diva tantrum, check. (Pauses, listens to the "Gitchee Gitchee Goo" elevator music) Elevator music, check. (Ferb checks off "Elevator music)

(Cut to the boardroom with the robot approaching)
Ben: Ah, who needs 'em? We still got this video tape of their performance. We could do live CDs, DVDs, podcasts, heck, we can digitally re-create their images to make our own sitcom! The Phineas and Ferb Show! We could squeeze twenty years of entertainment out of this one video tape.
Manager: (screams) That giant robot's coming right at us!

Doofenshmirtz: (still pouring pepper) Wow, you sure like a lot of pepper. I'm more of a paprika man myself. (Perry blows over the pepper, Dr. D coughs) It will take more than condiments to foil my brilliant plan!
(The robot sneezes them out, and they crash through the Huge-O-Records building)
Ben: The tape!

Doofenshmirtz: AAAAHHH! (Perry loosens the tape's film and successfully lands) AAAAAAAAHHHHH!!! (Lands on a soft mattress) Ooh! What an unbelievable stroke of luck! (The mattress folds in half) Oof! I'm okay! I'm still better than the... (gets stepped over by the robot) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

(Below...)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry. (Perry chatters; a bus pulls up and they get on) Come on, guys. We still have one thing left to do.

(In Googolplex Mall)

Phil: And the winner of the day's "Next Super American Pop Teen Idol Star" is... (Screen zooms out to reveal:) Marty the Rabbit Boy and his Musical Blender! Oh, give him a hand! He's going to Hollywood!
(Pan to Candace moping on a bench; Jeremy walks over.)
Jeremy: Hey, Candace. What's wrong?
Candace: I'm better than that guy. Oh, I should've taken blender lessons.
Jeremy: So why did you run off earlier?
Candace: My brothers.
(sighs) They always ruin everything.
Jeremy: Well, you like to sing, right?
Candace: Yeah.
Jeremy: Then you shouldn't let your brothers' fun ruin your good time. You know, if you get a chance to sing, you oughta sing. I gotta go, I'll see you later. (Walks away)

(Song: "Gitchee Gitchee Goo")
(Music beats)
Phineas: (offscreen) Hey Candace.
(Shows the stage for the PFT Reunion Concert)
You're still the hundredth contestant, wanna come up and help us out?
(Candace walks onstage.)
Phineas:Bow, Chicka, Bow-Wow!
Candace:That's what my baby says!
Phineas:Mow-mow-mow!
Candace:And my heart starts pumping!>
Phineas:Chicka-Chicka, Choo Wah!
Candace:Never gonna stop!
All:Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you!
Phineas:I said a Bow, Chicka, Bow-Wow!
Candace:That's what my baby says!
Phineas:Mow-mow-mow!
Candace:And my heart starts pumping!
Phineas:Chicka-Chicka, Choo Wah!
Candace:Never gonna stop!
Phineas/Candace:Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you! (X2)
 Gitchee Gitchee Goo means: That I love you baby, baby, baby!
Ferb:Baby-baby-baby-baby,
Candace/Phineas:Gitchee Gitchee Goo means that I love you!
(Crowd cheers)
Candace: That was great! I've been thinking of my brothers all wrong!
They're not a nuisance. They're my ticket to-
Phineas: Thanks, you've been great! This is the last time we're ever gonna sing that song. We're retiring, good night!
(The band walks offstage; the lights switch off, leaving Candace in the dark.)
Mall Operator: (via loud speaker) The mall is now closed and will re-open at 9:00 A.M. tomorrow. Thank you for shopping with us.
(Candace's eyes blinks then cut to black, as the guitar stinger plays)

(Scene opens up showing a van driving up a hill.)
Phineas: Hey, we're almost there. What's the first thing you're going to do at camp, Buford?
Buford: Find a nerd, take his underpants, and run 'em up the flagpole.
Phineas: I don't think Camp Phineas and Ferb has a flagpole.
Buford: Then I guess I'll just find a nerd and take his underpants.
Baljeet: You may have my underpants. They just got very messy all of a sudden.
Buford: Thanks, but it ain't the same if Buford don't rip 'em off of you.
Phineas: What about you, Isabella?
Isabella: The Fireside Girls and I are going to work on our accomplishment patches.
Fireside Girls: Yay! Accomplishment patches!
Phineas: How about you, sis? What's the first thing you're gonna do at camp?
Candace: First of all, it's not camp. It's just Grandma and Grandpa's cabin, and it's boring.
Phineas: But we made T-shirts.
Candace: Secondly, I don't like the outdoors, okay? I don't like bugs. Phineas, are you even listening to me?
Phineas: I seem to have misplaced my ant farm.
Candace: Mom!
Linda: Yes, Candace?
Candace: Do I have to go to Grandma and Grandpa's?
Lawrence: Oh, I think it's rather sweet the Grandma Betty Jo and Grandpa Clyde invite you kids and all your friends every year.
Candace: But I'm not a kid. I'm a young adult. Can I do something with you guys?
Linda: Of course you can, Dear. You can join us at the antiques symposium. This year's keynote address will debate Shellac vs. Lacquer.
Lawrence: Woo-hoo!
Candace: I'll take one of those shirts. (Sobs)

(Cut to the cabin)
Grandpa Clyde: Where are they?
Grandma Betty Jo: Look. Oh, here they are now.
Grandpa Clyde: (Laughs) Hey!
Phineas: Hiya, Grandpa!
Grandpa Clyde: Well, hello Phineas! You haven't changed a bit!
Phineas: Grandpa, that's not me! That's Perry!
Grandpa Clyde: Huh? Huh? Oh, right. Looks like I need to get my glasses fixed!
Phineas: (Laughs) With the glasses.
Grandpa Clyde: And Turbo Ferb-o! Put 'er there, put 'er there, put 'er there, put 'er there, put 'er there, put 'er there! (Laughs) Still a man of a few words, I see.
Ferb: Well, actually I--
Grandpa Clyde: So, where's your sister?

(Cut to Candace)
Candace: Hello? Hello! What do you have to do to find a cell signal in this place?
Grandma Betty Jo: Candace?
Candace: Oh, hi Grandma. How can you stand living out here in the middle of nowhere?
Grandma Betty Jo: Oh, come on, honey. It's not so bad. You'll see.
Grandpa Clyde: Alright, nature lovers! Time for vittles!
Phineas: (Laughs) "Vittles" is "Grandpa-ese" for "food". Hey, where's Perry?

(Agent P knocks on the door, and goes down the secret entrance with webs to his lair and saves a flower vase)
Major Monogram: Sorry about that, Agent P. We haven't used that tree slide in years. Not since I was at... the Academy. (Sad music) Anyway, Doofenshmirtz seems to be up to something, Agent P. He's hold up at his evil woodland retreat. You're mission is to find out what he's up to. Please, Agent P. Be careful. (Thinking) The Academy.
Kid: But I don't want to go to the Academy, Daddy.
Man: I'm not your father, it's been decided.
Kid: I love you, Daddy.

(Kids shouting and laughing; pans to Candace)
Candace: Oh, quiet, you pesky bugs! I am trying to tan here!
Phineas: Hey, Candace. I thought I'd bring my favorite camp counselor a Phineas special.
Candace: That is just a glass of limeade. And I am not a counselor.
Isabella: Hey, Phineas. The girls have finished pitching the tents. (The Fireside Girls salute in front of their tents) Can you sign here for our Tent Pitching achievement patches?
Phineas: Sure thing.
Candace: What are you doing?
Phineas: Well, as camp director, I'd say I'm "Doing my job".
Grandpa Clyde: Gather around, kids. There's an old legend, well, not that I believe it, about the Sasquatch. A race of giant, hairy creatures living up here in these very woods. (Kids gasp) If my memory serves, I think there was a song written about it.
Isabella: Really? Do you remember any of it?
'(Song: "He's Bigfoot")
Phineas: He remembers.
Grandpa Clyde:He's Bigfoot, he's Bigfoot
He'll eat you with his taters and his greens
He's Bigfoot, he's Bigfoot
'Cause to Bigfoot you're a fleshy tangerine
Boy: Oh no!
Grandpa Clyde:He goes barefoot, so he's always free to stomp ya
He carries a big stick so he can whomp ya
Sharpens up his teeth so he can chomp ya
So I think you'd better flee, 'cause I'm telling you that he's
Bigfoot, he's Bigfoot
He bathes in the water that you drink
Holly: Yuck!
Grandpa Clyde:He's Bigfoot, he's Bigfoot
So watch out, 'cause he's closer than you think
Boo!
Kids: One more time!
He's Bigfoot, he's Bigfoot...
Candace: Ugh! Am I the only adult here? Why can't my grandpa act his own age?
Grandma Betty Jo: I think you should act your own age. And have a little fun.
Candace: Sorry, Grandma.
Grandma Betty Jo: There's all sort of fun a young adult can have here. You just gotta use your imagination. So come on! We're making stick figures! Out of real sticks!
Candace: Grandma!
Grandma Betty Jo: All right, all right, all right. We'll think of something else.

(Later that night, Perry shows up)
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Tonight! It all happens tonight! (he sees Perry) Perry the Platypus! How unexpected! And by unexpected, I mean: (Record scratch) Unexpected. What are you doing here? This is my week off. (Perry stares at the dinner table) Oh, that. (Laughs) Well, uh, well, I suppose you should know I- I've started dating again. I met someone online. I know what you're thinking, but- But we're meeting for the first time, and I'm-- Oh, you gotta go.
("Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.!" Doorbell)
Oh no, Perry the Platypus! She can't see you! She doesn't know I have a nemesis! Oh, and I- I don't have time to destroy you. Uh, you could be my pet. You think you can act like a mindless animal?
(Door opens)
Woman: Oh, uh, hello. I'm looking for Strudelcutie4427. (Notices Perry, picks him up) Wow, aren't you the cutest little thing? Are you my date for this evening?
Doofenshmirtz: No, no! (Laughs) Uh, that would be me. I'm Strudelcutie4427. Nice to meet you. Uh, this is my pet platypus. He was just going outside for a nightly walk.
Woman: Oh, could I hold him a little longer? He's so sweet. (At Perry) Oh, yes. Yes you are.
Doofenshmirtz: (Laughs) Well, I guess he can stay a- A little bit, but- You know what they say. Three's a crowd and whatnot. (Laughs)

(Cut to the campfire)
Phineas: (Gulp) Ahh. Just how I like 'em. You just earned your marshmallow patch, my friend.
Candace: (Sighs)
Phineas: So, Grandpa, what should we do now? Tell scary stories? I got one!
Grandpa Clyde: Oh, Phineas, you always start. Why not give another kid a chance?
Grandma Betty Jo: Yes. How about you, Candace?
Candace: No.
Grandpa Clyde: Okay. Anyone else? Uh, Baljeet?
Baljeet: W-what? Uh, uh, oh. Thank you. (Flashlight switch flips; Wolf howls) Well, this is a story about a kid who comes to this country, and goes to camp. He, like, has to share a tent with a bully. It's really quite terrifying, actually. Quite terrifying.
(Crickets chirp; Flashlight switch flips)
Grandpa Clyde: Take it away, Phineas.
Phineas: All right, Grandpa. I've got a good one. It's about Bigfoot!
Dimitri Popaunicolas/Pedro/Ginger: Bigfoot?
Buford: Bigfoot?
Squirrel: Bigfoot?
Candace: Grandma!
Grandma Betty Jo: Sorry, dear.

(Cut back to the woodland villa)
Woman: You are the cutest thing I've ever seen. Yes, you are. Yes, you are.
Doofenshmirtz: You know, some people say we look alike.
Woman: Uh, I don't think so. (At Perry) Not at all. No, not at all.
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, darling, you haven't even touched your cucumber water. I made it especially for you.
Woman: You know, Strudelcutie4427 was a lot less needy online.
Doofenshmirtz: (Sighs) I'm going to go get some air.
Woman: ...Lot less needy online.
(Door squeaks)
Doofenshmirtz: (Sips cucumber water, Spits it out) Oh, I don't even like cucumbers! Why do I always get the crazies?

(Back to the campfire)
(Wolf howls)
Phineas: And when the moon is full, like it is tonight, Bigfoot will return, and exact his revenge. (Leaves rustling) Huh? What was that noise?
(All gasping and screaming)
Baljeet: I really should have packed more underpants...
(The kids continue to scream endlessly in fear and terror. Doofenshmirtz hears their hollers.)
Doofenshmirtz: (Gasps) That sounded like screaming children! But it's not my birthday. (He falls off the balcony screaming; cut back to the campfire) Phineas: You guys crack me up! (Laughing)
Isabella: Phineas, what are you talking about?
Phineas: There's no Bigfoot! It's just Ferb in the tree! Look! See? They're just dummies! (At Ferb) Nice rope skills, my friend!
Isabella: Then... who is this?
Phineas: Ah, it's an inflatable Ferb. (Air hissing) Sounds like Ferb too.
Buford: That was awesome!

(Back to the villa, Doofenshmirtz pulls himself up all covered in leaves)
Woman: What was that? You better stay here while I investigate. (She goes outside, allowing Perry to escape) Oh! (sees the leaf-covered Doofenshmirtz) Bigfoot?
Doofenshmirtz: Huh? What?
Woman: Bigfoot!
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, no! Wait! It's me! Ugh! (The woman hits him with her purse causing him to fall)
Woman: Strudelcutie4427? Whoops.
Agent P!

(Back to the campfire)
Grandpa Clyde: Whoa! That was a good one, boys. You sure got us.
Candace: I can't take it anymore!
Phineas: It was just a joke, Candace.
Candace: You're a joke, Phineas!
Grandpa Clyde: Candace, Honey, calm down!
Candace: Calm down? Calm down?! I don't wanna calm down!
Phineas: But your screaming might attract a real Bigfoot.
Candace: A real Bigfoot. Oh, give it a rest, Phineas! Everyone knows that there's no such thing as a real- (sees Bigfoot behind her) Oh, fine. What's this one made of? Popsicle sticks and glitter?
Phineas: Uh, no.
(Bigfoot roars)
Candace: Huh? GAAAAAH! (Bigfoot grabs her and eats her; making the kids run away)
Grandpa Clyde: (Laughs) Looks like we fooled 'em, ma! (Laughs)
Grandma Betty Jo: (Laughs) Did you see the look on their face? (Laughs)
Candace: That was so cool!
Grandma Betty Jo: Oh, good one!
(Air hissing)
Candace: And you got an inflatable Grandma, too.
Grandma Betty Jo #2: Oh, I'm not inflatable. I'm your Grandma's identical twin. I only come out once a year if these two want to prank someone. Well, back to my closet.
Grandma Betty Jo: See you next year, Lorraine. (At Candace) Oh, come on. Let's round up those scared kids and have some hot cocoa.

(Doofenshmirtz falls down and lands on the ground)
Doofenshmirtz: It's not the worst date I've ever had. There was that one that kept stabbing me with a fork. Get this off of-- (sees the Bigfoot dummies and runs for it)

(Back at the cabin)
Candace: (Laughs) I sure got you guys! You should have seen your faces! Only unsophisticated, immature brains would believe in monsters. (Laughs) Yes, it takes a mature, such as myself, to know that there's... no such... thing... as... (Stammering) BIGFOOT! (she screams and runs inside; the other kids look but see nothing)
Baljeet: Oh, I do not believe her one bit. Too much overacting.
Kids: Yeah.
Buford: I smell ham.
Phineas: Hey, Perry. Why are you all covered in lipstick?
(Suspense music, Perry chatters)

Episode starts inside the garage at the Flynn-Fletcher house. Here, Buford and Isabella play foosball.)
Buford: Prepare to feel the wrath of Buford.
Isabella: Don't bring that smack-talk around here. This is my house!
Phineas: Technically, this is our garage.
Ferb: She's on a roll.
Buford: No girl has ever beaten Buford.
Watch and learn. It takes a highly trained eye and a quick wrist to...
Isabella: (scores) "...to score like that", Buford?
Buford: (Recovers from initial shock) Hey! I wasn't ready.

(In Candace's room)

Candace: Stacy, what am I going to do?
Jeremy's coming over to take my picture for his photo class.
Stacy: So, what's the...? (notices Candace's hair) Oh!
Candace: (reveals her hair is messed up) Yeah, you think he'll notice? This is the worst bad hair day ever! I'm officially freaking out! (picks up her cell phone) I'll call and cancel.
Stacy: No, wait! Just wear a hat.
Candace: Yeah! A hat! ..... How's this?
Stacy: Well, your hair looks better.
Candace: Yeah, but the strap is cutting off my... (the hat rips off) I'm gonna need something stronger.

(Back in the garage)
Buford: Alright! This is the tie-breaker.
Isabella: I thought the last two were.
Buford: Nah. It's this one.
Isabella: Tell you what I'm going to do, Buford.
I'm going take this ball and I'm going hit into your goal in one shot.
Buford: Oh, is that right?
Isabella: Absolutely, and you want to know the funny part?
There's nothing you can do about it!
Buford: Bring it!
(He and Isabella play)
(Laughs) You missed.
Isabella: Wait for it.

(Cut to Candace's room)
Candace: What about this?

(Cut back inside the garage)
Isabella: Ain't that how it works, Buford?
Phineas: Wow. Nice foosing, Isabella.
Isabella: Thanks.
(Candace appears)
Candace: (appears)
You guys are making such a racket that I can't focus.
I need time to fix my hair.
'Cause when Jeremy gets here, I don't wanna be wearing this stupid...
Jeremy: Hey, Candace.
Candace: Hello, Jeremy. Ha.
Jeremy: You look sporty.
Candace: Oh, you like it?
Jeremy: Well, that's perfect.
(holds up a camera) The sport shoot.
Buford: Well, that didn't really count, 'cause it's just a dainty little girls' game.
Isabella: It could be the biggest game in the world, and girls could still beat boys.
(pauses)
Biggest game in the world. Did you get that, Phineas?
Phineas: Yeah, we're on it.
(at Ferb) Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today.
Buford: Great.
It's boys against girls.
And to give ya a fair shot, I'll even take Shrimpy here.
Baljeet: I am honored.
Buford: So, who's on your team?
Isabella: Candace, can you be on the girls' team with me?
Candace: Isabella, I'm a little busy right...
Jeremy: Perfect. Real action shots. Oh, you'll look great.
Candace: Really? OK, I'm in.
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

(Inside the house, Perry walks to the bookshelf and then puts on his fedora. He then presses a button revealing an entrance with caution tape and a note from Monogram saying it's out of order and to use an alternate entrance. He holds the note, looks at the camera with a raised eyebrow, and then walks away. He goes to a door, which Perry opens. The camera pans down to show the stairs.)


(Later, in Perry's lair)
(Perry's theme, slow mo)Doobie doobie doo-wah...
Major Monogram: There you are, Agent P.
Sorry about the stairs, our elevator maintenance guy is on a corporate retreat with our slide-waxing guy.
Anyway, our intelligence tells us that Doofenshmirtz has been shopping around for a show dog.
We need you to infiltrate the pet store and uncover his evil plan.
Me, I'm goin' home early. It's taco night. Ha-ha.
(mariachi)
Agent P!
(Perry looks up at the stairs then sighs wearily)


(In a locker room at the F-Games stadium)
Phineas: So those are the official rules for the F-Games. Any questions?
Buford: Yeah. Why are they called the F-Games?
Isabella: Yeah.
Candace: Yeah, why is that?
Phineas: "F" for Ferb.
All: (gasp) Ohh.
Baljeet: I, too, have a question.
If I miss the third shuttlecock with my rubber chicken, does Buford have to jump over the chokecherry bush before or after the girls finish peeling their tangerines?

All but Baljeet: After!!
Buford: Aw, man, pay attention. You're embarrassing me.
Phineas: All right, then let's get out there.

(crowd cheering)
Buford: Wow, definitely big.

(Song: "F-Games")
Na-na na-na na, na-na na-na na (2x)
Na-na na-na na na na na-na na (2x)

Don't wanna hear no smack talk
You wanna call your mama, here's a dime
It's time to walk the walk-walk
You gotta rapid skate, get on the line
So get your game on, or else it's shame on you

Gimme an "F"
F!
Gimme an "F"
F-Games
Are you a contender?

Gimme an "F"
F!
Gimme an "F"
F-Games
In the battle of the genders!

Na-na na-na na, na-na na-na na

Yeah...

Na-na na-na na
Na-na na-na na, na-na na-na na

F-Games...

Na-na na-na na na na na-na na

Phineas: Ooh. Extra points for recycling.
The girls' score is now the square root of pi, while the boys still have a crudely drawn picture of a duck.
Clearly, it's still anyone's game.

(In the pet shop, My Little Doggies)
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, I'm looking for a purebred show dog.
Shop owner: Well, we have various award-winning breeds to choose from.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, what about him?
(Camera pans to Perry, in pet mode, disguised as a dog)
Doofenshimrtz: Oh, he's perfect.
Oh, yes. Coochie-coochie-coo.
You are Doctor D's precious little puppy, aren't you?
Shop owner: Sir, I'm not even sure if that's a dog.
Doofenshmirtz: Don't try to wheel and deal with me.
I get a big alimony check every month, so money's no object.
Shop owner: Oh; well, in that case, he's ten thousand dollars.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, coochie-coochie.
You are my little coochie-coochie.
You are my ticket into the Danville Dog Show, and together, we will make them pay for all I have suffered.

(flashback)
Back when I was just a little schtumpel, my father came home with a brand-new spitzenhound puppy that he won in a game of Poke the Goozim With a Stick.
(Goozim roars)
My father said the dog was like the son he never had and named him Only Son.
Only Son became an award-winning show dog, bringing my father fame and fortune, while I was forced to be the lawn gnome.
Y-You remember that story, right, with my neighbor, Kenny?
I don't have to go through - OK.
(flashback ends)

So, to recap, my entire fragile self-esteem is totally dependent on your performance today at the dog show, but, you know, no pressure.

(At the dog show)
And don't worry about your lack of training and experience, because I have an ace in the hole. ....
This - the Misbehav-inator. It, uh, well, it does what the name implies.
Watch this.
(dog yips)
Ha-ha-ha.
Bad dog!
(dog barks)
Ah, nothing can stop us now. Hee-hee-hee-hee.
(gasps) Aah! Hey, what was all that about?

Perry!

Perry the Platypus?
Uh, ha-ha, now I'm very embarrassed about all that "coochie-coochie-coo" stuff.
Wait, wait. Where are you going?
Bring back my Misbehav-inator!

(At the F-Games stadium)
Phineas: And now for the tiebreaker event. Giant foosball. Get ready to foos.
Buford: This is so my game.
Baljeet: But didn't Isabella beat you at this earlier?
Buford: Quiet, you!
Isabella: Ready, Candace?
Candace: I feel like a kebab.
Baljeet: I, too, feel a certain element of kebabism.
Buford: I said quiet, you. Let's play.
Phineas: There's the first ball.
Baljeet: I feel this may not be the best way to block a shot. Clearly I was - Clearly I was wrong about that. That was most effective. Aah!
Candace: What?
Phineas: Candace blocks. The ball is up...
Jeremy: Candace.
Candace: (giggles)
Phineas: ..it's going...it's going... It's going!...
Baljeet: Oh, my. Ohh!
Candace: Aah! Ohh! Isabella, I have feet too, you know.
Isabella: Sorry, Candace.
Baljeet: Aaaah! Suddenly I am not feeling so fresh.
Phineas: Looks like we've reached the all-important fruit level!
Candace: The what? (Watermelon destroys her helmet. Buford laughs and ends up with a fruit in his mouth. Ferb continues to shoot fruit everywhere.)

Phineas: It looks like the final ball is drifting lazily into neutral territory. Folks, we may be looking at a draw.
Buford: Oh, no, we're not.
Baljeet: Buford, no! That would be cheating.
Buford: Heh-heh-heh-heh. Boys rule!
Candace: Aah, my hair! Jeremy's gonna see my hair!
(Isabella spins Candace; ball whistling. Ball ricochets off Candace flying towards Buford)
Buford: Uh-oh. (Ball hits his stomach, which goes flying and ends up crashing the wall of the territory) WHOOOH!
Phineas: They've done it! The girls have snatched victory from the jaws of defeat!

She's Candace!

Jeremy: Wow, Candace, your hair looks great.
Candace: (giggles) Really?

(Scene switches to the roof of a building)
(Perry's theme)

(In the backyard)
Isabella: Well, Buford, that was a great game. Come on, be a good sport.
Buford: Like I said before, losing to a girl doesn't count. (gets zapped by Doofenshmirtz's -inator) What I meant to say was I had a wonderful time. I guess you were right. Girls are just as good as boys. Thanks again. Woo-hoo! The F-Games rock.
Ferb: That was completely out of character.

(yowls)
(tires squeal)
Man: T minus 3, 2, 1.

(In the backyard)
Isabella: Thanks, guys. It was a lot of fun.
Phineas: The next F-Games will be even better.
Candace: Yeah, but much better is when Mom sees this. Look at that thing. I'd just like to see you try to get rid of that before Mom ---
(The rocket picks up the stadium and flies it out of sight; Linda makes her perfectly timed entrance)
Linda: Hey, kids! What's new?
Candace: Nothing, Mom. Absolutely nothing is new.
Linda: (Feeling Candace's hair) Well, your hair sure looks new. I like it.
Candace: Thanks. It took a lot to get it this way.
(Perry chatters)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry.

(Scene opens up showing the Danville Museum.)
Candace: I can't believe you guys dragged me all the way over here for this. (Sighs) Well, at least there's hunky guys in skirts.
Lawrence: Guys, come and look at this. This is an actual replica of an artist's interpretation of what some random guy of no significance believed that the chariot of Asparagus might have looked like. And this is Asparagus, the greatest warrior in all of Greece. With this golden chariot, he would win every race. And here he is defeating the Minotaur, a creature that's half-man, half-bull. Asparagus defeated him using the head of Medusa, a creature so ugly she could turn people to stone with just one look.
Phineas: Kind of reminds me of Candace.
Candace: It does not look like me!
Phineas: I know what we're gonna do today. We're gonna have our own chariot race like... Hey, where's Perry?

Major Monogram: (Disguised as Discobolus) Psst. Psst! Agent P, over here. Sorry to disturb you at the museum. We've just been informed that Doofenshmirtz has created a machine to rid the world of platypuses. ...Uh, platypi? Platypeople? Whatever. We've tracked Doofenshmirtz to the old abandoned movie house. So get going, and don't look up my skirt.

(In the driveway at the Flynn-Fletcher house...)
Phineas: Okay, the race will start here at home, through the streets of Danville, and over to the park. From there we make our way past Paul Bunyan's Pancake Haus...
(Song: "Paul Bunyan's Pancake Haus")
Paul Bunyan's, where food is good
Announcer 2: (Canadian accent) But not too good, <eh?
Phineas: ...and finish at the steps of the museum.
Lawrence: Hey, boys, whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Just mapping out our route for the big chariot race we're gonna have.
Lawrence: Oh, excellent. It's good to see you boys taking an interest in Greek mythology. I'm doing the same. I've got over 12 hours of gladiator movies here I wanna watch.
Isabella: Nice hat, Mr. Flynn.
Lawrence: Thank you, Isabella. It's my movie watching hat.
Phineas: Isabella, we're gonna have the greatest race in history, complete with helmets and armor and super-cool chariots with horses. Spread the word! (Isabella runs off) Spread the word!
Isabella: (runs back) Wait! At what time?
Phineas: (Isabella runs off again) In about an hour or so.
Isabella: (runs back) Where's it gonna be?
Phineas: (Isabella runs off once more) Here!
Isabella: (runs back a final time) Who am I telling again?
Phineas: (Isabella runs off until she leaves) Just spread the word! Oh, and tell them to bring gladiator gear.

Doofenshmirtz Abandoned Theater!
(Jingle of "Gitchee Gitchee Goo" playing in the background)
Doofenshmirtz: Comfy, Perry the Platypus? I've prepared something special just for you. You see, until now, every attempt to eradicate you has been foiled. Then I came across a... (He interrupts abruptly with the sound of someone Slurping) Excuse me, who are you and what are you doing here?
Male teen: I bought a ticket to see this movie.
Doofenshmirtz: (Groans) Okay, just roll the film.
Male narrator: Who is the enemy of the platypuses? Or platypi or platypeople? Or... Well, you know what I mean. The platypus is one of our greatest friends in nature, a humble but key component in Mother Nature's delicate cycle of life. But as of late, worldwide populations have been declining to near endangerment. But why? Who is the enemy of the platypuses or... Well, you know what I mean.
Teen: This is the best platypus movie I have ever seen. (Slurping)
Narrator: Historically, the enemies of the platypus were well known: the poisonous swamp viper, the snaggle-tooth badger, and duplicating imitable stunts seen on television. But there is a new enemy of the platypus, one whose tireless development paves over the platypus's woodland homes: The greatest enemy of the platypus...is man.
Cheerful male voice: Hi, there.
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, you see, Perry the Platypus? For years I've been trying to rid myself of you with traps and bombs and poisonous gas and automatic tennis ball machines. I--I don't even know what I was thinking back then, but now I have the ultimate platypus elimination weapon. Perry the Platypus, recoil in horror at my new creation! A giant...killer...robot...man.
Giant Robot Man: My name is Norm. The enemy of the platypus is man.
Doofenshmirtz: Whoa-ho-ho-ho-ho!
Male teen: This is awesome! I did not know this movie was in 3-D.
Norm: Please, stop running. Perhaps we could discuss our differences over coffee.

(In the backyard...)
Phineas: Okay, we're all set! Let's meet our racers. In the first chariot is us. Then we got Isabella and the Fireside Girls, Buford and Baljeet, and we have one for Candace, too, if she ever shows up. Here are the maps for everyone. The first chariot to reach the museum wins. Any questions?
Baljeet: Yes. Should we not establish the rules first?
Buford: This is a chariot race. There are no rules.
Isabella: No rules? Well, if those are the rules!
Buford: Hey, you, you're goin' down!
Baljeet: But we're on the same team.
Buford: Then you're goin' down with me!
Phineas: Each chariot will be pulled by a rocking horse Ferb souped up with a lawnmower engine!
Candace: Phineas! Just what do you think you're doing?
Phineas: Candace, great! You're right on time! Check out this cool-lookin' helmet we made for you! And we built you your own chariot that looks just like you!
Candace: Oh, that's ridiculous. I do not have wheels!

(In the living room...)
Actor: To the winner of this race, I offer the spoils of the empire…
Candace: Dad, they're racing chariots.
Lawrence: That scene's just starting. Come in and sit down.
Phineas: (calling from outside) Come on, Candace!
Candace: Dad!
Lawrence: Oh, I'm sorry. Do you want some?
Candace: (Groans in frustration) That's it! I'll stop this myself.

(Outside; the backyard...)
Django: Are you ready? Get set... go!
(Engines revving)
Candace: Okay, you two, I've had enough of this-- Ow! Hey!
(Engine revving)
Aah! Daddy!
Lawrence: Oh, now where'd she go? She's gonna miss all the action.

Candace: (Screaming)
Phineas: Looks like Candace made it after all. Lookin' good, Candace!
Candace: (Screams)
(Song: "My Chariot")
I got a motorized nag takin' me for a drag
Leave the others far behind
Baby, I ain't braggin', my anachronistic wagon's
Two millennia ahead of its time
Talkin' 'bout my chariot
No, it's not street legal, but it gets me where I wanna go
Candace: (Screams)
Climb aboard my chariot
When they hear me come a-rumblin', then everybody wants to know
"Where'd you get that chariot?"
I don't need no oracle to tell me how good it feels
To throw a full-tilt coliseum killer toga party on wheels
Candace: (Screams)
Yeah, yeah
Phineas: Remind me, why did we put spikes on Buford's chariot?
Buford: Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Candace: Reckless endangerment, disrupting traffic... EW, they are so busted.
Phineas: And a bowling ball catapult? I mean, what were we thinking?
Candace: (screams) My phone!
Phineas: Why'd we give them all the cool stuff? What do we have? Cup holders? Sweet. Now we're cookin'.
Baljeet: The girls are still gaining! Failure is not an option for me, my husky friend.
Buford: Use your head and think of something, genius!
Baljeet: Exactly! Use my head! ... That is right! Eat sparks, my opponents!
Phineas: Ferb, do you smell something burning?
Baljeet: An unconventional way to use my head, yes, but an effective one!

Norm: We should do this more often!

Isabella: Okay, girls, star formation!
...Yeah
Candace: (Screams)
Isabella: Sorry. No rules.
Baljeet: Now what?
Buford: Have to use your head again.
Baljeet: (Screams)
Candace: (Screams)
Buford: Hey, get back on your own chariot!
Yeah, talking 'bout my chariot
Got all my horse power
In two big wheels of fun
Climb aboard my chariot
You can be my second
'Cause I'm gladiator number one
Get a load of my chariot
Always going full-throttle
Ask anybody and they'll say
If you see me coming
Then you better get out of my way!
Phineas: We should be coming up on Paul Bunyan's!
(Song: Paul Bunyan's Pancake Haus)
Paul Bunyan's, where food is good
Announcer 2: (Canadian accent) But not too good, eh?
Phineas: Oh, there it is!

Norm: Are those slacks new? They make you look slimmer. Honey, have you seen my keys?

Candace: (Screams)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Phineas: Hey look, it's Perry. I gotcha! (Pets Perry) Where you been? (Crash) What is that? It's half-man, half-bull. It's the Minotaur!
Norm: (Disguised as a Minotaur) My name is Norm!
Phineas: It's Norm the Minotaur! Hit it, Ferb!
Norm: Wait! Come back! You can borrow my rake.

Candace: (Screaming)
Phineas: Candace has the lead! Go Candace!
Candace: Somebody help me!
Phineas: See? I knew she'd love it.

Norm: Let's invite our wives next time.

(At the Danville Museum...)
(Grunting)
Django: Candace wins!
Candace: (Screams)
(Crash!)
Phineas: That was the coolest rocking-horse, mower-pulled chariot Minotaur chase ever!
Candace: Oh... Ohh, uhh... Gross.
Kids: Phin-e-as and Ferb! Phin-e-as and Ferb! (Chant continues)
Candace: Oh, no! No, no, no, no, no! You can't just tear up the town with your chariots and expect to get away with it! When Mom and Dad find out about this...
Phineas: Candace...
Norm: The enemy of the platypus is man.
Candace: Listen, pal, you stay out of this!
Kid #1: She turned him to stone!
Candace: I did what?
Kid #2: Don't look at me!
Candace: Wait!
Kid #3: It's Medusa!
Candace: D'oh, that's it! I'm outta here!
Phineas: Wait, Candace!

Doofenshmirtz: Norm! Oh, no, Norm! What did he do to you? Did the bad little platypus switch you off? I'll fix that.
Norm: My name is Norm.
Doofenshmirtz: See? All you needed was a reboot. …Wait! What is this? What happened to all the lights? Wait, it's coming loose. I think I can get it off.
Norm: The enemy of the platypus is man.
Doofenshmirtz: Ooh. Oh, well, now it's stuck. (Screams) Somebody help me!
Norm: Secretly, I'm very lonely.

Candace: Just wait until Mom finds out about this.
Phineas: Candace, looks like we owe you a big thanks for defeating the Minotaur. Who knew you had the power to turn men to stone?
Candace: That is so not true. Who ever heard of something as silly as turning someone to stone...? No, no, it can't be. (Screams) I did it again. Don't look at me! (Screams) I'm a monster! (Screams) Make it stop! (Screams)
Phineas: It's okay, Ferb. She's gone. You can look now.
Ferb: No. Not taking any chances.
(Perry chatters)
Phineas: Hey, look, there's Perry.
Ferb: Still not looking.

Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.!
Doofenshmirtz: Look at this, Norm. My brother Roger has been elected mayor! Look at him. He's honest and reputable and, ugh, law-abiding! Oh! There isn't room for both of us in the Tri-State Area! Hmm. Norm, I know what we're going to do today.

(Flynn-Fletcher home; in the kitchen)
Isabella: Hey, Phineas. Whatcha eatin'?
Phineas: Fruity Rainbow Flakes. You want some?
Isabella: Oh, no, thanks. I already had breakfast. (Picks up the cereal box) You know, I've never really seen one of these in real life.
Phineas: You haven't?
Isabella: No, but I'd sure like to.
Phineas: Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today.
(Linda comes in through the kitchen door holding Perry, who has an Elizabethan collar around his neck.)
Linda: Hi, boys.
Phineas: Hi, Mom. What's with the satellite dish?
Linda: It's a protective collar. The vet says that Perry needs to wear it for the rest of the day.
(Perry chatters, the collar making it sound echoey.)
Linda: I still don't know how he scratched himself up so much. (Flashback. Doofenshmitz and Perry are on the edge of a building during a battle. Doofenshmirtz suddenly thrashes an umbrella at Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aha!
(Perry loses his balance then falls into a sandpaper factory. The sandpaper manages to shred some of his fur off.)
(Flashback ends) Phineas: Well, I think it's cool.
Linda: It's a bold fashion statement, all right.
Phineas: Speaking of bold fashion statements, have you seen Candace today?
Candace: (offscreen) MOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!
(Scene shifts to the living room. Candace is wearing Vanessa's clothes.)
Candace: This is a total disaster!
Linda: What? What?
Candace: The dry cleaner switched my clothes with some Goth chick! I look like a total freak like I'm all outsider-y.
Phineas: I wonder what happened to Candace's clothes.

(At D.E.I.)
Vanessa: (Is on her cell phone wearing Candace's clothes) I can't believe it, Lacie. I look like a walking candy cane. I mean, how many evil scientists' daughters do you know who-- (She bears drilling from outside.) Hold on, Lacie. I can't hear myself gripe.
Doofenshmirtz: (Chuckling/humming)
Norm: What'cha doooin'?
Doofenshmirtz: "What'cha doin'?" What does it look like to you? I'm building an evil empire. My very own Fortress of Eviltude.
Norm: Aren't you a little old to be building a fort?
Doofenshmirtz: No, no, I'm not. Shut up.
Vanessa: Dad, I told you a hundred times, I –
(Drilling resumes)
Norm: Don't forget, Friday is cake day.
Vanessa: I have to call you back. (Closes cell phone) What on Earth is going on here?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Vanessa! Well, you're looking... uh... Oh, no matter. Where we are going, you can dress up like a clown every day if you want.
Vanessa: Wh-What do you mean, "Where we're going"?
Doofenshmirtz: We are moving... to a golden country on the sea, a country created by the greatest mastermind of our time, me. Assisted by Norm.
Norm: I'm drilling.

(Scene shifts to the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: I bring to you... Doofania! Where there will be no brothers trying to make me look bad. No. I will be the ruler of my very own evil empire!
Vanessa: You're building your own evil land?
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, yes, an evil country.
Vanessa: And you made a plush model?
Doofenshmirtz: Well, yeah. You know, I, uh... I had a lot of... felt.
Vanessa: You do know what this means?
Doofenshmirtz: That we'll finally have that special daddy-daughter bond you've always craved?
Vanessa: No. It means I am finally gonna have proof. Ha! You are busted.
Busted!
Vanessa: I'm gonna tell Mom.
Doofenshmirtz: Great. Tell her what?
Vanessa: (On her cell phone) Mom, Mom, you've got to come quick. There's proof that Dad is evil.
Charlene: Vanessa, honey, I'm having my me-eeee day, remember?
Vanessa: Uh, but –
Charlene: Look, hon, why don't you give your old dad a break? Just try to make the best of it, and I'll pick you up later. (Ring) Oh! Time for my seaweed mud wrap. Gotta go.
(Beep)

(Flynn-Fletcher home; in the backyard)
Phineas: Is everything all set, Ferb?
Ferb: (Ding)
Phineas: Great. Now-- Hey, where's Perry?

(Perry tries to get into a secret lair entrance but repeatably fails because of his collar)

(Scene shifts to Perry's lair)
Major Monogram: Agent P? Agent P? Hello, Agent P? Agent P? (At Carl) Carl, he does know this is scheduled for this morning, doesn't he?
Carl: It's on his calendar, sir.
Major Monogram: I mean, we sent the e-mail, right?
Carl: I think so. Let me check.
Major Monogram: (Singsong) Mommy-mi-moe-moo. Blah-blah-blah-blah-blah. Me-ma-moe-moo-my-pa. (Clears throat) Ma-moe-mee-ma-moo.

(Back in the backyard)
Isabella: Hi, Phineas. What'cha doooin'?
Phineas: Well, you know how you said you'd never seen a rainbow in real life?
Isabella: Well, actually, I –
Phineas: Behold! (Beep) The Rainbow-Inator!
Isabella: Well, that's nice, Phineas, but I--
Phineas: Made with real crystals and super-charged with Fruity Rainbow Flakes.
Isabella: You guys don't understand--
Phineas: Soon there will be a giant rainbow that will sprawl across the entire Tri-State area! (pause) Or at least that's the plan anyway.

(Outside a lawnmower store)
Linda: Candace, honey, could you hold the door for me? I have to return this novelty lawn mower your father got.
Candace: (Frustrated groan) I just don't want anyone to see me in these clothes.
Linda: You think you feel ridiculous? I'm carrying a jackalope into a lawnmower store.
Candace: Okay, Mom. I'll wait for you in the car.
Mindy: Candace! When did you go Goth?
Candace: What? I didn't!
(Snapshot)
Mindy: And... send. (beep) Wow, 50 replies already.
(Candace's cell phone rings)
Candace: Hello?
Stacy: (On cell phone) Candace, I heard you're Goth now. Why didn't you tell me?

(At the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, Norm, I've got to give it to you. Under my genius supervision, you turned out extremely adequate work.
Norm: We're all very impressed with your numbers, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: Although something seems to be missing. I know, it's Perry the Platypus!

(In the backyard; Perry's still trying to get into his lair)

(Scene shifts back to the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: What's keeping him? Gee, I hope something horrible happened to him.
(Pause)
Norm: Does someone need a hug?
Doofenshmirtz: Of course not, you glorified waffle iron! Just launch it now.

Vanessa: (Talking on her cell phone) Mom, I'm at the docks. You gotta get down here right away.
Charlene: (Muffled) Okay, honey. I'll see you at FEH.
Vanessa: You'll see me at 5:00?
Charlene: No. FEH.
Vanessa: 4:00?
Charlene: FEH.
Vanessa: "Feh"?
Charlene: Yeah. FEH.
Vanessa: (Confused) Okay...I'll see you at "feh".
(Beep)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hi, Vanessa! What do you think? My own country, eh?
Norm: I love what you've done with the place.
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah. Yeah, I think it's nice.

(Outside of another store)
Candace: This time I am staying right here where no one can see me.
Linda: All right, suit yourself. (sees a policeman writing a penalty ticket next to a car)
Candace: (Gasps) Oh no! Mom's gonna get a ticket! (Inserts coin in parking meter) That would have been embarrassing.
Jeremy: Whoa. Candace, are you going Goth now?
Candace: Uh, uh, I'm not wearing this. I mean, I'm wearing it in that it's actually on my body right now, but I'm not attached to it. Not to say that I'm attached to my other clothes. I mean, I can actually take them off. No, no, no. But, I mean-- I didn't want to put these-- I-I want to put clothes on, but I-- It was a mix-up, Okay? The dry cleaners and a-- a jackalope lawnmower, and-- (Pants) Do you like it?

(At the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: All right, Norm, the anthem, please!
(Whirring)
(Song: "Hail Doofania!")
In the bay off the coast of the Tri-State area
Floats a country for me and me
It's new, it's bright
And it's founded on spite
And it's everything I dreamed it would be
Hail, Hail Doofania!
(Record needle crackling)
Doofenshmirtz: D-Does it feel like it stops too quickly? Eh... We'll work on it.
(Horn honks)
Vanessa: Oh, good, Mom's here! Mom, where have you been?
Charlene: I told you on the phone I would meet you at FEH, the Freight Emergency Harbor?
(Ship horn blows)
Vanessa: Okay, never mind that, but Dad and Norm built an entire country on the sea. Come on!

(In the backyard)
Phineas: Okay, Isabella, ready to see your first rainbow?
Isabella: But, Phineas, I keep tellin' you--
Phineas: Oh no, don't thank us yet, Isabella. I only wish Perry was here to see this.

(Perry bangs the Elizabethan collar against the house in frustration)

Phineas: Ferb, power it up! Isabella, pour, pour!

(Meanwhile...)
Fishermen: (Notices the rainbow) Ooh! Wow!
Fisherman: (Throws fishing rod, Air hissing) Oh?

(Air whistling)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, that can't be... good. (The Structures of Doofania tip over and sink into the ocean's surface)
Vanessa: See? You see? Look, look.
Charlene: I do see it. What a cute little city! Oh, and it's soft! (At Doofenshmirtz) Heinz, you made this plush model?
Doofenshmirtz: I had a lot of felt!
Charlene: Well, at least it holds together. (Squeaking) Remember that dining set you tried to build for our apartment?
Doofenshmirtz: It's hard to forget when you keep reminding me.
Vanessa: But-- but-- but...
Charlene: Oh, come on, Vanessa. I think we need to get you out of the sun.
Norm: Who's up for a game of lawn darts?
Doofenshmirtz: I'd prefer to play hide-and-seek because I don't want to see you.
Norm: Ouch.

(In the backyard)
(Perry sighs)
(Charges at the entrance, but clangs and vibrates to Phineas, Ferb, and Isabella)
(Perry hits the self destruct button, beeping noises, and the inator poofs away.)
Ferb: You know, in retrospect, I question the inclusion of a self-destruct button in the first place.
(A butterfly floats into Perry's collar; Perry sneezes, and the butterfly flies out.)
Phineas: (said in the same manner as Doofenshmirtz) Bless you, Perry the Platypus!

(In Perry's lair)
Major Monogram:Mow, mow, mow, and my heart starts pumpin'
Chicka-chicka-choo-wa
Never gonna stop
(Carl joins in)Gitchee-gitchee-goo means I love you
I work alone, Carl.
Carl: Sorry, sir.
Major Monogram: It's a solo.

(Back in the backyard)
Phineas: So, Isabella, what'd you think of your first rainbow?
Isabella: Well, it was really pretty, but it's not my first rainbow.
Phineas: But you said you'd never seen one in real life.
Isabella: No, no, I've never seen a unicorn.
Phineas: Oh! (Sees a unicorn on the cereal box, which can be barely seen on the side under the rainbow) That's completely different. Hey, Ferb, I know what we're doing tomorrow.
(Perry chatters)
Phineas: Perry, I almost forgot. It's the end of the day. You don't need to wear that thing anymore. (Takes the Elizabethan collar off of Perry) Enjoy your freedom!
(Perry puts his fedora on and sneaks away.)
(At the docks)
Doofenshmirtz: 8...9...10! Ready or not, here I come! (Takes hands away; sees Norm hiding behind a pole, which is revealing) What? Oh! No, no, no! It's called hide-and-seek! You hide, and I seek. I cannot seek if you don't hide. So you go hide yourself. Ignoramus. Go, go, go. Let's - Let's try this again. (Recovers eyes) One, two, three... ten! Now, where is he?
Norm: I'm right here, sir.
Doofenshmirtz: (facepalms; notices Perry) Oh, there you are, Perry the Platypus. (At Norm) Hey, Norm, look who decided to show up!
(Pause)

(At the dry cleaners)
Vanessa/Candace: Hey!

(Scene opens up showing the inside of a mouth.)
Dr. Hirano: Okay, Isabella. Say "Aaaah".
Isabella: (opens mouth) Ahhhh...
Dr. Hirano: Oh, good. The swelling has gone down dramatically. I'll be back to check on you soon. (exits)
Phineas: So, Isabella, what'cha dooooin'?
Isabella: (Raspy voice) Oh, just recovering. But I finally got my tonsillectomy patch.
Phineas: We just came by to cheer you up. And to see if you're feeling well enough to go on with our event.
Isabella: Sorry, guys. My throat still hurts like crazy.
Phineas: That's cool. Sorry, gang. We've got to postpone the Trojan War reenactment till further notice.
(Reenactment actors leaves, all talking at once.)
Phineas: You know, the best part of getting your tonsils out is that you get to eat all the ice cream you want.
Isabella: Really?
Phineas: Mountains of it! You could have the biggest ice cream sundae ever made! (to Ferb) Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today! First, we gotta draw up some plans. Wait, no time for that. You go to Blueprint Heaven; I'll head home to meet the delivery guy. (Phone beeps) Hello? Blowtorch City? Yeah, I'll hold. (to Isabella) When are they letting you out of this joint?
Isabella: This afternoon.
Phineas: Perfect, we should have just enough time.

(At Charlene and Vanessa's house)
Charlene: So, I'm going out, Vanessa. Remember, you're at your Dad's this weekend.
Vanessa: Great. A whole 48 hours of evil.
Charlene: Vanessa Doofenshmirtz, your father is not evil. We just didn't get along. We wanted different things.
Vanessa: Was one of those things "To be evil"? Because he's evil.
Charlene: He's not evil, honey. No one's evil.
Vanessa: No, Mom. He's evil. You don't notice about him? He has evil schemes. Normal people don't have schemes of any kind. And there's this secret agent that always bursts in, and--
Charlene: I think you're being overly dramatic.
Vanessa: Mom, I'm not being dramatic. Dad builds evil contraptions every day. Wait. (Phone beeps) Let me check on something.
Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorpora--
(Phone beeps) Yup. He's even got his own evil jingle right on his answering machine. (Speed dial) Listen!
Doofenshmirtz: (On Phone) Hello?
Charlene: Oh, hello, Heinz.
Vanessa: Dad! Why did you pick up? You always let the machine get it!
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I heard it ring the first time, so I was standing right by the phone. Oh, by the way, could you pick up some blueprints for me on your way over? Thank you, sweetie.
(Phone beeps)
Vanessa: Great. Now he wants me to pick up some evil blueprints for his latest evil contraption. And as soon as he's done building it, I'll have proof! I'll call you, and you can see for yourself.

(Inside Blueprint Heaven)
Worker: So, you need plans to build a giant ice cream sundae maker, do you? Hmm, I'm not sure we sell blueprints for that anymore. Whoa! Hold on, sweetie. No need to get upset. I'll go check in the back, okay? Okay. Let's see. Giant sundae machine. I got a yogurt machine! How that sound? Yeah, I don't care for yogurt either, baby. I'll keep looking. You're in luck. I found one! Now, what do you need, sweetie?
Vanessa: I'm here to pick up an order for Doofenshmirtz.
Worker: Oh, yes. Your Daddy just called.
Vanessa: Hey, how's it goin'?

(At the Flynn-Fletcher home)
Phineas: Can you bring it back here? Thanks. That's great.

Candace: (on her phone) You're not gonna believe this, Stacy, but when I turned around, Jeremy was standing right behind me. Well, actually he was sitting, and he was a couple blocks away, but he was right there!
Phineas: (from outside) Keep it coming, keep it coming! Okay, stop. Great. Stack 'em over here.
Candace: Um, Stace? I'm gonna have to call you back.

Delivery Guy: And that's the last of it. Eh, just need you to sign right here, and...Say, aren't you a little...
Phineas: ...Young to be using titanium plating and an industrial arc welder? Yes. Yes I am. I get that a lot.
Candace: Phineas, you know I'm in charge, right?
Phineas: Well, isn't that just if a satellite crashes into the-
Candace: No, no, no! When Mom's at her cooking class, I'm in charge. Now, what are you up to out here?
Phineas: I'd like to tell you, but it's gonna be a big surprise. Hey, wait a second. Have you seen Perry?

(Camera pans over to Perry, who's taking a nap on the lawn)
(Boing)
Perry!
Major Monogram: Sorry to wake you, Agent P. Looks like Doofenshmirtz is getting sloppy. He sent his daughter right into our sting operation and purchased blueprints for a Space Las-inator. We intend to pass him fake plans, but due to a rookie error, and by "rookie", I mean Carl.
Carl: Sorry, my bad.
Major Monogram: The plans he received are real; terrifyingly real.
Carl: Again, I must apologize, I was in character--
Major Monogram: You better step on it, Agent P. Before it's too late.

(In the backyard)
Phineas: Can you give me a hand unpacking this stuff, Candace?
Candace: I'm not gonna help you. But as soon as I figure out what you're up to, I'm calling Mom!
Phineas: Okay. Say hi for me!
(Phone beeping)

(At the cooking class)
Cooking Instructor: Bonjour, class. Today we will be making crepes Guilbaud.
(Phone rings; Beeps)
Linda: Candace, is everything all right? Well, if you don't even know what he's doing, how do you know if it's a problem?
Cooking Instructor: (Clears throat) Is there something you would like to share with the whole class?
Linda: Sorry, sir. (At Phone) Candace, I'll talk to you later, okay? (Phone beeps)

(In the backyard)
Candace: (Growls) I'm keeping an eye on you.
Phineas: Hey, Ferb. You got the blueprints? Excellent! Isabella's gonna love it!

Doo be doo be doo ba
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, you—you're early. I haven't even started yet. My-my daughter should be here any minute with the blueprints, though. Oh, there she is. (At Vanessa) Good morning, Vanessa. You remember Perry the Platypus.
Vanessa: Yeah, hi.
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, why don't you have a seat in my waiting area? Read some magazines! Sorry they're all in Spanish, I--I steal them from my neighbor. You know, evil never rests.
Vanessa: So, Dad, this plan, it's evil, right?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yes, yes it is! It's nice to see you taking an interest in the family business.
Vanessa: That's all I need to know. (Phone beeps)

(At the cooking class)
(French music)
Charlene: I'm in class now, Vanessa. I have to go. Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Yes, Vanessa, I'll leave my phone on. (At Linda) Teenagers. Ugh. What are we making this week?
Linda: I think it's crepes, but you know, I can't understand his accent.

(Song: "Busted")
Vanessa:I can see the things you're doing, and you think that I'm naïve
But when I get the goods on you, she'll finally believe
Candace:She says it's all just drama, but every bubble's got to pop
She's gonna see just what you're doing
Both:And then you're finally gonna have to stop
Don't think you're gonna win this time
'Cause you better believe I'm gonna drop a dime on you
I'll get ya (Yeah!)
I'll get ya
And when I do, you're gonna be busted
(Busted!)
Candace:I don't wanna put the hurt on you
Both:But you better believe me when I tell you
That I finally got the dirt on you
You're busted (Busted!)
Vanessa:Yeah, she's finally gonna see the light
This is how it's gonna be
Both:When she finds out that I was always right
You're busted!
(At Doofenshmirtz Evil, Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Perry the Platypus, it's finally ready! (Button beeps) Too bad you can do nothing but watch as I prepare to launch my Space Laser-Inator!
(Beeping)
Vanessa: Wow, I bet that thing must be really evil, huh?
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa, take a look out that window and tell me what you see.
Vanessa: Uh, not much.
Doofenshmirtz: Exactly! Ever since that stupid billboard went up, my panoramic view is completely ruined. I used to have this perfect vantage point for enjoying the delicious misery of others.
(Flashbacks)
(Car crashes)
Man: Oh, man!
(Bone snaps)
Man #2: Oh, man!
Woman: You owe $78,000.
Man #3: Oh, man!
(Flashbacks end)
Doofenshmirtz: But, after I launch this baby into orbit, my problem will be solved! Then, I can go on to eliminate all the other annoyances that make my skin crawl! Like, uh...nature! (Laser zaps) Beauty! (Laser zaps) Crowd: Aw.
Doofenshmirtz: Morning talk show hosts!
(Laser zaps)
(Crowd cheers)
Doofenshmirtz: Soon, there will be nothing that can withstand the wrath of Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz!
Vanessa: Doctor? Since when are you a doctor?
Doofenshmirtz: They don't just give these out to anybody, you know.
Vanessa: Anybody with 15 bucks, they do.
Doofenshmirtz: That's enough looking! I'd love to debate you, but I have some pressing business to take care of, like remaking the Tri-State Area in my own, twisted image! (Laughs maniacally)
Vanessa: Oh my gosh! This is worse than I thought! Oh, Dad is going to be so busted.
Vanessa/Candace:Busted
(At the cooking class)
Cooking Instructor: Now, carefully pour the batter. Slowly, slowly. (Phone rings, Glass smashes)
Charlene: Oh, for Pete's sake! Vanessa?
Linda: Candace, this better be important.
Charlene: He's doing what?
Linda: Honey, are you sure you're not exaggerating just a little bit?
Charlene: Well, it's not that I don't believe you, honey...
Linda: But every time I race home, I find out everything is just fine.
Charlene: Yes, I'll be right over. (Phone beeps)
Linda: I'm on my way. (Phone beeps) Teenagers!
Charlene: Tell me about it.
(The phone burns on the stove)

(At Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now, to launch my creation and begin my reign of terror! Evil terror. (Button beeps, whirring; Ding) Huh? Ah. (ice cream splats onto him) Ugh... Well, this can't be right.

(In the backyard)
(Button beeps)
Phineas: Get ready for a giant sundae!
(The inator blasts off)
Phineas: Well, this can't be right. Lemme see those blueprints. Oh, wait a minute. Those are the plans for a Space Laser-inator, apparently. I was wondering what that thing was for. That must be the laser. (briefly, we see the laser on the ground) It's a good thing we didn't attach it, huh?
(Horror music; Candace is at the door, bouncing and pointing, head turned away; Linda makes her perfectly timed entrance.)
Candace: Mom, Mom! Hurry!! Come on, come on!!!
Linda: Hi, kids. How are you doing?
Candace: Huh?
Phineas: We're just about to make a nice handmade sundae for Isabella.
Linda: Oh, that is so sweet! Come on in the kitchen. I'll help you with it.
(Linda walks in. Candace just says there, frozen)
(Inside the D.E.I. building, Charlene comes up the elevator)
Vanessa: Come on, Mom! Hurry!
(Cut to Doofenshmirtz's apartment, the door opens)
Vanessa (cont.): (with her eyes closed) See?! Evil!! I told you!!!
(horror music)
Charlene: Hmm...um, that's not evil, dear. (Vanessa looks on horrified, we see Doofenshmirtz covered in ice cream.)
Charlene (cont.): A bit much, perhaps. Heinz, what is all this? I thought you were lactose intolerant.
Doofenshmirtz: I am!!
Charlene: (presses button; more ice cream falls) Oh... I'm paying you way too much alimony. (Notices Perry, now in pet mode) And what's over there? That is no way to treat your pet!
Vanessa: But Mom, that's a secret agent!
Charlene: A secret agent? He's just a little platypus. They don't do much, you know.
(Vanessa gives a disgusted look at the camera.)
(In Isabella's room, Isabella is presented with a normal sized ice cream sundae.)
Isabella: Wow, guys, this is amazing! I was afraid you guys were gonna go overboard and build some giant sundae contraption or something!
Phineas: Actually, we were gonna do that, but we accidentally built a space laser instead. (At Ferb) Ferb, you're usually so focused. How did you get those plans confused?

(Flashback)
(Ferb and Vanessa are at Blueprint Heaven. Ferb stares at Vanessa, she appears to him over a pink background with flowers.)
Vanessa: Hey, how's it goin'?
(Flashback ends)

Phineas: Hey, Ferb. Snap out of it. What happened back there?
Ferb: (pause) I was weak.